month               : 5 occurrences
hurts               : 1 occurrences
announcer           : 11 occurrences
russia              : 36 occurrences
publication         : 1 occurrences
percent             : 10 occurrences
offered             : 3 occurrences
physical            : 3 occurrences
neither             : 3 occurrences
ohr                 : 1 occurrences
hans                : 1 occurrences
measures            : 1 occurrences
pictwittercomauenyoeiio: 1 occurrences
failed              : 4 occurrences
situation           : 5 occurrences
college             : 18 occurrences
founding            : 4 occurrences
named               : 1 occurrences
dumb                : 1 occurrences
yul                 : 1 occurrences
unsure              : 2 occurrences
protest             : 2 occurrences
jab                 : 1 occurrences
york                : 12 occurrences
writers             : 1 occurrences
current             : 7 occurrences
nondisclosure       : 3 occurrences
tom                 : 5 occurrences
presidential        : 12 occurrences
top                 : 7 occurrences
attorney            : 25 occurrences
anonymity           : 2 occurrences
names               : 5 occurrences
responsibility      : 1 occurrences
chairman            : 5 occurrences
capture             : 1 occurrences
too                 : 3 occurrences
still               : 12 occurrences
share               : 3 occurrences
dossierfusion       : 1 occurrences
stayed              : 1 occurrences
narratives          : 1 occurrences
alison              : 1 occurrences
programs            : 2 occurrences
areunder            : 1 occurrences
jumped              : 1 occurrences
thinktank           : 1 occurrences
extraordinarily     : 1 occurrences
killedit            : 1 occurrences
explain             : 4 occurrences
rights              : 7 occurrences
jct                 : 3 occurrences
natalia             : 1 occurrences
sick                : 2 occurrences
attendees           : 1 occurrences
problem             : 4 occurrences
decisions           : 3 occurrences
explanation         : 1 occurrences
facilityprotester   : 1 occurrences
quietly             : 2 occurrences
massacreamong       : 1 occurrences
chronicled          : 3 occurrences
bashing             : 1 occurrences
commentdemocrats    : 1 occurrences
message             : 5 occurrences
supplywhen          : 1 occurrences
gail                : 1 occurrences
claiming            : 1 occurrences
artists             : 1 occurrences
face                : 7 occurrences
guilty              : 7 occurrences
denis               : 1 occurrences
side                : 7 occurrences
expression          : 1 occurrences
mcfadden            : 1 occurrences
surveillance        : 2 occurrences
72nd                : 1 occurrences
beforefortunately   : 1 occurrences
widespread          : 1 occurrences
lowest              : 1 occurrences
tweeted             : 5 occurrences
civics              : 1 occurrences
shape               : 1 occurrences
moderate            : 2 occurrences
benefits            : 11 occurrences
fact                : 6 occurrences
budget              : 3 occurrences
justice             : 45 occurrences
blended             : 1 occurrences
smuggling           : 1 occurrences
expand              : 1 occurrences
russiaowned         : 1 occurrences
strikingly          : 1 occurrences
countless           : 2 occurrences
nature              : 1 occurrences
dignity             : 1 occurrences
promises            : 1 occurrences
distaste            : 1 occurrences
behind              : 9 occurrences
russian             : 67 occurrences
fade                : 2 occurrences
limitation          : 1 occurrences
geithnerthe         : 1 occurrences
granted             : 2 occurrences
decided             : 1 occurrences
dgetelementsbytagnames0: 1 occurrences
cross               : 2 occurrences
embroiled           : 1 occurrences
taking              : 2 occurrences
secret              : 2 occurrences
comply              : 1 occurrences
ohio                : 3 occurrences
procedures          : 2 occurrences
decimated           : 1 occurrences
bureau              : 11 occurrences
months              : 10 occurrences
hard                : 1 occurrences
31st                : 1 occurrences
unlawful            : 1 occurrences
old                 : 1 occurrences
destructive         : 2 occurrences
officialsthe        : 1 occurrences
recipients          : 1 occurrences
your                : 9 occurrences
harm                : 1 occurrences
regulated           : 1 occurrences
deliberately        : 1 occurrences
exist               : 4 occurrences
always              : 5 occurrences
readers             : 1 occurrences
northbound          : 1 occurrences
stephen             : 1 occurrences
identify            : 1 occurrences
sidney              : 1 occurrences
column              : 2 occurrences
jfk                 : 5 occurrences
soboroff            : 4 occurrences
pictwittercomx0kxoqgakl: 1 occurrences
seeking             : 4 occurrences
suffering           : 2 occurrences
jumping             : 3 occurrences
time                : 43 occurrences
lights              : 1 occurrences
support             : 12 occurrences
inclusion           : 1 occurrences
exposing            : 1 occurrences
outrageous          : 2 occurrences
soundbiteshe        : 1 occurrences
massacre            : 2 occurrences
statementsphotos    : 1 occurrences
potential           : 3 occurrences
ambulances          : 1 occurrences
brooks              : 3 occurrences
nonprofit           : 1 occurrences
chairmen            : 1 occurrences
dismantled          : 1 occurrences
hasn                : 3 occurrences
federal             : 16 occurrences
frauda              : 2 occurrences
spending            : 2 occurrences
speakingpolice      : 1 occurrences
treated             : 3 occurrences
10000               : 1 occurrences
available           : 2 occurrences
clintona            : 1 occurrences
activities          : 3 occurrences
determined          : 3 occurrences
herald              : 1 occurrences
wikileaks           : 1 occurrences
semiautomatic       : 1 occurrences
game                : 4 occurrences
experience          : 1 occurrences
decides             : 1 occurrences
democracy           : 4 occurrences
immediately         : 11 occurrences
mccarthy            : 2 occurrences
substance           : 1 occurrences
perhaps             : 1 occurrences
tweets              : 2 occurrences
targets             : 4 occurrences
hate                : 2 occurrences
trend               : 1 occurrences
clintons            : 16 occurrences
2891                : 1 occurrences
kanwar              : 1 occurrences
state1              : 1 occurrences
1824                : 1 occurrences
incentivizes        : 1 occurrences
sign                : 1 occurrences
foodpolice          : 1 occurrences
teacher             : 2 occurrences
facebook            : 1 occurrences
outdated            : 1 occurrences
tonights            : 2 occurrences
centuries           : 1 occurrences
choices             : 1 occurrences
laughableone        : 1 occurrences
huhher              : 1 occurrences
arguments           : 1 occurrences
traditional         : 1 occurrences
contrary            : 1 occurrences
professed           : 1 occurrences
steele              : 17 occurrences
cutunlike           : 1 occurrences
gang                : 1 occurrences
facetoface          : 1 occurrences
clintonsenator      : 2 occurrences
dollars             : 10 occurrences
zero                : 2 occurrences
weeksplease         : 1 occurrences
contending          : 1 occurrences
diplomat            : 1 occurrences
1832                : 1 occurrences
crowd               : 6 occurrences
warfare             : 1 occurrences
ebt                 : 3 occurrences
threeday            : 1 occurrences
2017nba             : 1 occurrences
utah                : 1 occurrences
tenure              : 4 occurrences
admission           : 1 occurrences
conductthe          : 1 occurrences
preserve            : 2 occurrences
truck               : 1 occurrences
worldwe             : 2 occurrences
impractical         : 1 occurrences
230th               : 1 occurrences
defend              : 5 occurrences
critic              : 1 occurrences
yell                : 1 occurrences
network             : 3 occurrences
heartless           : 1 occurrences
measured            : 1 occurrences
emerged             : 1 occurrences
destruction         : 3 occurrences
stated              : 8 occurrences
though              : 5 occurrences
distrubiton         : 1 occurrences
unemployment        : 1 occurrences
deadly              : 1 occurrences
freeloading         : 1 occurrences
opa                 : 1 occurrences
kidnapped           : 1 occurrences
goetz               : 5 occurrences
despite             : 3 occurrences
recovered           : 1 occurrences
reportedthe         : 1 occurrences
thread1             : 1 occurrences
screaming           : 2 occurrences
necessary           : 2 occurrences
states              : 71 occurrences
intactalexander     : 1 occurrences
address             : 10 occurrences
rich                : 4 occurrences
duty                : 4 occurrences
hostage             : 1 occurrences
brian               : 1 occurrences
purged              : 1 occurrences
ceases              : 1 occurrences
counting            : 1 occurrences
best                : 6 occurrences
rico                : 8 occurrences
vowing              : 1 occurrences
ranks               : 2 occurrences
apprehend           : 1 occurrences
bubbling            : 1 occurrences
brings              : 1 occurrences
escape              : 1 occurrences
emptied             : 1 occurrences
ukraine             : 1 occurrences
opponents           : 2 occurrences
firsthand           : 2 occurrences
legislationthe      : 1 occurrences
doctor              : 1 occurrences
individuals         : 4 occurrences
deaths              : 1 occurrences
rewards             : 1 occurrences
uncovered           : 4 occurrences
oil                 : 1 occurrences
taxesread           : 1 occurrences
resisting           : 2 occurrences
each                : 5 occurrences
presided            : 3 occurrences
remarks             : 3 occurrences
narcoterror         : 1 occurrences
leaving             : 1 occurrences
pictwittercoml6au1hzbsu: 1 occurrences
entered             : 6 occurrences
sometimes           : 1 occurrences
israeli             : 1 occurrences
drawn               : 1 occurrences
sausage             : 1 occurrences
largest             : 5 occurrences
showing             : 6 occurrences
reshapes            : 1 occurrences
reoffend            : 1 occurrences
fictional           : 1 occurrences
russianbacked       : 1 occurrences
swipes              : 1 occurrences
activist            : 1 occurrences
airport             : 2 occurrences
sight               : 1 occurrences
element             : 1 occurrences
frankly             : 2 occurrences
promise             : 4 occurrences
undermined          : 1 occurrences
steelechutkan       : 1 occurrences
agitated            : 1 occurrences
patrol              : 1 occurrences
brice               : 1 occurrences
belongs             : 1 occurrences
dangerous           : 1 occurrences
gloom               : 1 occurrences
fatally             : 1 occurrences
posting             : 1 occurrences
warrior             : 1 occurrences
changeorg           : 1 occurrences
fake                : 5 occurrences
contradicted        : 1 occurrences
managed             : 2 occurrences
contribution        : 1 occurrences
hearts              : 3 occurrences
begins              : 1 occurrences
local               : 2 occurrences
investigating       : 6 occurrences
legitimate          : 1 occurrences
earners             : 1 occurrences
globalist           : 1 occurrences
option              : 1 occurrences
anotherafter        : 1 occurrences
anticipated         : 1 occurrences
hospitallawmakers   : 1 occurrences
jerry               : 2 occurrences
manager             : 2 occurrences
1876                : 1 occurrences
activity            : 1 occurrences
probe               : 20 occurrences
financial           : 4 occurrences
leaders             : 12 occurrences
incorrectly         : 2 occurrences
lawsuits            : 2 occurrences
tonight             : 9 occurrences
beach               : 3 occurrences
claims              : 3 occurrences
slopes              : 1 occurrences
anticipates         : 1 occurrences
existthe            : 1 occurrences
urged               : 2 occurrences
charter             : 1 occurrences
chinese             : 1 occurrences
healthy             : 1 occurrences
threatening         : 2 occurrences
morewe              : 1 occurrences
longtime            : 2 occurrences
16th                : 1 occurrences
fall                : 2 occurrences
caught              : 5 occurrences
wrong               : 1 occurrences
earnest             : 1 occurrences
sworn               : 1 occurrences
arrogance           : 2 occurrences
sweet               : 1 occurrences
investigation       : 67 occurrences
locate              : 1 occurrences
information         : 36 occurrences
bills               : 1 occurrences
cohort              : 1 occurrences
fourday             : 1 occurrences
glad                : 1 occurrences
1888                : 1 occurrences
brief               : 4 occurrences
tourist             : 1 occurrences
simple              : 1 occurrences
abide               : 1 occurrences
makebelieve         : 1 occurrences
terms               : 1 occurrences
intimidation        : 1 occurrences
ripped              : 1 occurrences
conditionbut        : 1 occurrences
embarrassment       : 2 occurrences
clintonall          : 1 occurrences
turning             : 1 occurrences
contrast            : 1 occurrences
household           : 1 occurrences
mccarthyonce        : 1 occurrences
games               : 2 occurrences
halt                : 1 occurrences
saudi               : 1 occurrences
honored             : 1 occurrences
themwe              : 1 occurrences
simply              : 2 occurrences
pictwittercomy5x0ba1f8n: 1 occurrences
switching           : 1 occurrences
vile                : 1 occurrences
taliban             : 2 occurrences
slaughter           : 1 occurrences
politiciansi        : 1 occurrences
camera              : 3 occurrences
lasting             : 1 occurrences
honors              : 1 occurrences
haunting            : 2 occurrences
raiding             : 1 occurrences
stores              : 9 occurrences
channel             : 2 occurrences
byrandom            : 1 occurrences
job                 : 4 occurrences
stashed             : 1 occurrences
understood          : 1 occurrences
joe                 : 6 occurrences
references          : 3 occurrences
commissioned        : 3 occurrences
trespasser          : 1 occurrences
ciudad              : 1 occurrences
lottery             : 1 occurrences
out                 : 65 occurrences
racketeering        : 3 occurrences
821                 : 1 occurrences
cbsthismorning      : 1 occurrences
vitality            : 1 occurrences
signals             : 1 occurrences
seenpolice          : 1 occurrences
missile             : 1 occurrences
argue               : 3 occurrences
committeeour        : 1 occurrences
fans                : 2 occurrences
breaden             : 1 occurrences
boxes               : 3 occurrences
sessionbusted       : 1 occurrences
fraudulentlythe     : 1 occurrences
week                : 8 occurrences
arrived             : 1 occurrences
leftleaning         : 1 occurrences
first               : 30 occurrences
donations           : 1 occurrences
word                : 1 occurrences
investors           : 1 occurrences
youssef             : 1 occurrences
neighborhood        : 1 occurrences
hayes               : 1 occurrences
outright            : 1 occurrences
search              : 2 occurrences
work                : 16 occurrences
filings             : 1 occurrences
latinos             : 1 occurrences
authority           : 1 occurrences
seven               : 2 occurrences
crackers            : 1 occurrences
roger               : 1 occurrences
protesting          : 1 occurrences
gave                : 16 occurrences
successful          : 1 occurrences
economically        : 1 occurrences
airbase             : 1 occurrences
needed              : 3 occurrences
violation           : 2 occurrences
lawsuit             : 8 occurrences
compromising        : 3 occurrences
cuts                : 4 occurrences
clintonvia          : 1 occurrences
ignores             : 2 occurrences
lodged              : 1 occurrences
owe                 : 1 occurrences
wowpolice           : 1 occurrences
principled          : 1 occurrences
protestorsa         : 1 occurrences
refugees            : 2 occurrences
antitrumpabc        : 1 occurrences
reduction           : 1 occurrences
financier           : 1 occurrences
respond             : 1 occurrences
own                 : 16 occurrences
reportingformer     : 1 occurrences
agowe               : 1 occurrences
julianassange       : 2 occurrences
billions            : 2 occurrences
fouryear            : 1 occurrences
approach            : 1 occurrences
horribly            : 1 occurrences
enables             : 1 occurrences
cost                : 2 occurrences
hemisphere          : 1 occurrences
unfair              : 2 occurrences
reportsdeputy       : 1 occurrences
countriesfor        : 1 occurrences
reduces             : 1 occurrences
domestic            : 1 occurrences
almost              : 3 occurrences
reuterswilliam      : 1 occurrences
sources             : 16 occurrences
rails               : 3 occurrences
judicial            : 23 occurrences
visited             : 1 occurrences
pickup              : 1 occurrences
attempting          : 2 occurrences
mountains           : 1 occurrences
sufferthe           : 1 occurrences
italian             : 1 occurrences
queens              : 1 occurrences
documentation       : 2 occurrences
bought              : 2 occurrences
clips               : 1 occurrences
compromise          : 5 occurrences
weapon              : 1 occurrences
pleads              : 1 occurrences
dojand              : 1 occurrences
finishing           : 1 occurrences
operatives          : 1 occurrences
economic            : 1 occurrences
sheeple             : 1 occurrences
outlet              : 1 occurrences
produced            : 5 occurrences
slapped             : 1 occurrences
immense             : 1 occurrences
artery              : 1 occurrences
thursday            : 4 occurrences
website             : 4 occurrences
previously          : 8 occurrences
front               : 4 occurrences
international       : 6 occurrences
crosswe             : 1 occurrences
diego               : 1 occurrences
truly               : 1 occurrences
clueless            : 1 occurrences
megwatts            : 1 occurrences
haiti               : 1 occurrences
inaudible           : 2 occurrences
firstgrader         : 1 occurrences
antibrowder         : 1 occurrences
unfiltered          : 2 occurrences
revamping           : 1 occurrences
even                : 17 occurrences
probes              : 1 occurrences
hermitage           : 2 occurrences
vocal               : 1 occurrences
ever                : 10 occurrences
violations          : 3 occurrences
dojandrew           : 1 occurrences
terry               : 1 occurrences
trump               : 119 occurrences
respect             : 10 occurrences
deadlineread        : 1 occurrences
wrote               : 15 occurrences
electoral           : 23 occurrences
stock               : 1 occurrences
coalition           : 1 occurrences
politics            : 3 occurrences
brother             : 1 occurrences
course              : 4 occurrences
villareal           : 2 occurrences
motivate            : 1 occurrences
imprisoned          : 2 occurrences
nongovernment       : 1 occurrences
italabama           : 1 occurrences
acted               : 1 occurrences
carried             : 4 occurrences
kallstrom           : 3 occurrences
spokesman           : 2 occurrences
calls               : 5 occurrences
capable             : 1 occurrences
corrupt             : 3 occurrences
hatch               : 9 occurrences
sunday              : 4 occurrences
neill               : 1 occurrences
cities              : 1 occurrences
illegal             : 2 occurrences
nowvirginia         : 1 occurrences
agricultureoffice   : 1 occurrences
site                : 3 occurrences
cooperate           : 2 occurrences
charging            : 2 occurrences
investigative       : 2 occurrences
end                 : 12 occurrences
comeymccabe         : 1 occurrences
ryan                : 2 occurrences
intermediaries      : 2 occurrences
competitive         : 1 occurrences
identity            : 1 occurrences
grand               : 1 occurrences
paying              : 3 occurrences
condition           : 4 occurrences
flag                : 7 occurrences
musicians           : 1 occurrences
enforced            : 1 occurrences
painful             : 1 occurrences
point               : 5 occurrences
briefed             : 2 occurrences
prayer              : 3 occurrences
detailsduring       : 1 occurrences
radio               : 2 occurrences
cardinals           : 2 occurrences
rooted              : 1 occurrences
depraved            : 1 occurrences
courts              : 7 occurrences
hacking             : 1 occurrences
agenciesread        : 1 occurrences
opposed             : 1 occurrences
hannitytoensing     : 1 occurrences
agent               : 9 occurrences
reflect             : 1 occurrences
heels               : 1 occurrences
sovereignty         : 8 occurrences
antidemocratic      : 1 occurrences
2017ranking         : 3 occurrences
eventually          : 2 occurrences
residents           : 1 occurrences
aspects             : 1 occurrences
ring                : 1 occurrences
pistol              : 1 occurrences
broadcom            : 1 occurrences
walking             : 1 occurrences
type                : 7 occurrences
contained           : 6 occurrences
planliberal         : 1 occurrences
choosing            : 2 occurrences
tock                : 1 occurrences
implications        : 1 occurrences
helped              : 5 occurrences
reputation          : 2 occurrences
respects            : 1 occurrences
repeal              : 1 occurrences
dossierafter        : 1 occurrences
warned              : 3 occurrences
questioned          : 2 occurrences
locka               : 2 occurrences
bush                : 2 occurrences
saturday            : 1 occurrences
mapadditionally     : 1 occurrences
teases              : 1 occurrences
character           : 1 occurrences
accusations         : 2 occurrences
graph               : 2 occurrences
weissmann           : 2 occurrences
foodstamp           : 1 occurrences
yemen3              : 1 occurrences
suspect             : 1 occurrences
decent              : 2 occurrences
bust                : 3 occurrences
aftermath           : 1 occurrences
spiesif             : 1 occurrences
broader             : 1 occurrences
connecting          : 1 occurrences
bridge              : 1 occurrences
electors            : 8 occurrences
learned             : 2 occurrences
borderlast          : 1 occurrences
outpolice           : 1 occurrences
light               : 5 occurrences
well                : 17 occurrences
contributed         : 1 occurrences
possible            : 5 occurrences
bring               : 3 occurrences
dossiergubarev      : 1 occurrences
ripe                : 2 occurrences
labeled             : 1 occurrences
millionbut          : 1 occurrences
unconstitutional    : 6 occurrences
pagliano            : 1 occurrences
affectedjake        : 1 occurrences
screamed            : 1 occurrences
evil                : 2 occurrences
select              : 4 occurrences
affidavit           : 1 occurrences
behaviorwe          : 1 occurrences
alassad             : 2 occurrences
hillthe             : 4 occurrences
inches              : 1 occurrences
imprison            : 1 occurrences
presence            : 2 occurrences
enrichment          : 1 occurrences
counterintelligence : 1 occurrences
49mostly            : 1 occurrences
talljumping         : 1 occurrences
glenn               : 3 occurrences
motivated           : 1 occurrences
return              : 7 occurrences
dossier             : 34 occurrences
bribery             : 9 occurrences
linkjfk             : 1 occurrences
pick                : 1 occurrences
yemenlower          : 1 occurrences
refrain             : 2 occurrences
depositions         : 1 occurrences
once                : 6 occurrences
connection          : 1 occurrences
step                : 3 occurrences
internal            : 2 occurrences
disgusting          : 1 occurrences
refugee             : 3 occurrences
state29             : 1 occurrences
disapproval         : 1 occurrences
flotus              : 1 occurrences
beans               : 1 occurrences
armed               : 3 occurrences
gitmo               : 1 occurrences
democrats           : 9 occurrences
performed           : 2 occurrences
danley              : 2 occurrences
performer           : 1 occurrences
fishing             : 3 occurrences
flea                : 1 occurrences
cruzthe             : 1 occurrences
result              : 6 occurrences
350                 : 1 occurrences
napalitano          : 1 occurrences
relationship        : 4 occurrences
credit              : 3 occurrences
investigationcongress: 1 occurrences
officemccabe        : 3 occurrences
vote                : 22 occurrences
prone               : 1 occurrences
wednesday           : 8 occurrences
happen              : 2 occurrences
guaynabo            : 1 occurrences
era                 : 1 occurrences
pictwittercomblhs3v7ftx: 1 occurrences
remotely            : 1 occurrences
went                : 12 occurrences
affect              : 2 occurrences
revealing           : 1 occurrences
callerreason        : 1 occurrences
agreementthe        : 1 occurrences
flew                : 1 occurrences
slamming            : 1 occurrences
suggested           : 2 occurrences
pictwittercomc7p9mvdtya: 2 occurrences
closing             : 2 occurrences
iran                : 13 occurrences
littlenoticed       : 1 occurrences
trust               : 1 occurrences
republican          : 17 occurrences
agreements          : 2 occurrences
publishing          : 3 occurrences
contacts            : 3 occurrences
huddling            : 1 occurrences
grass               : 1 occurrences
financing           : 1 occurrences
offering            : 1 occurrences
celebrities         : 1 occurrences
jared               : 1 occurrences
united              : 66 occurrences
proof               : 2 occurrences
lowincome           : 3 occurrences
snapto              : 1 occurrences
saidkey             : 4 occurrences
chance              : 3 occurrences
monumental          : 1 occurrences
status              : 16 occurrences
truth               : 4 occurrences
report              : 21 occurrences
falsity             : 1 occurrences
rise                : 1 occurrences
risk                : 2 occurrences
dcexaminer          : 2 occurrences
understatement      : 1 occurrences
fixed               : 1 occurrences
soap                : 1 occurrences
problematic         : 1 occurrences
ones                : 4 occurrences
63yearold           : 1 occurrences
superman            : 1 occurrences
pay                 : 10 occurrences
traffickers         : 1 occurrences
mcclatchy           : 1 occurrences
administrations     : 1 occurrences
laterrather         : 1 occurrences
seats               : 1 occurrences
mutual              : 1 occurrences
itself              : 4 occurrences
eternal             : 1 occurrences
stunts              : 1 occurrences
1st                 : 2 occurrences
authorized          : 8 occurrences
british             : 9 occurrences
person              : 10 occurrences
texas               : 4 occurrences
yearsradio          : 1 occurrences
vulnerable          : 1 occurrences
malcolm             : 1 occurrences
sonia               : 2 occurrences
violated            : 1 occurrences
fusion              : 24 occurrences
referencing         : 1 occurrences
approaches          : 2 occurrences
obligations         : 1 occurrences
countriesif         : 1 occurrences
collegeas           : 1 occurrences
clayton             : 4 occurrences
yuri                : 1 occurrences
authorizes          : 1 occurrences
served              : 5 occurrences
table               : 1 occurrences
stole               : 2 occurrences
east                : 2 occurrences
following           : 1 occurrences
easy                : 4 occurrences
briefings           : 1 occurrences
level               : 4 occurrences
fairer              : 1 occurrences
entitled            : 2 occurrences
scotched            : 1 occurrences
mines               : 1 occurrences
verify              : 2 occurrences
resolutions         : 1 occurrences
server              : 5 occurrences
serves              : 1 occurrences
againthe            : 1 occurrences
radical             : 1 occurrences
iraq                : 1 occurrences
placeboth           : 1 occurrences
threats             : 6 occurrences
presidentthe        : 1 occurrences
turkey              : 1 occurrences
intimidationin      : 1 occurrences
middle              : 10 occurrences
visitor             : 1 occurrences
counselfurther      : 1 occurrences
compartmentalized   : 1 occurrences
internet            : 1 occurrences
alleged             : 4 occurrences
really              : 10 occurrences
offer               : 1 occurrences
g20                 : 1 occurrences
favor               : 3 occurrences
voting              : 1 occurrences
briefly             : 1 occurrences
attendance          : 1 occurrences
ransom              : 1 occurrences
consent             : 1 occurrences
citing              : 2 occurrences
foods               : 1 occurrences
muslims             : 3 occurrences
395                 : 2 occurrences
prosecutor          : 3 occurrences
alleges             : 1 occurrences
allegation          : 2 occurrences
katsyv              : 2 occurrences
beacon              : 1 occurrences
unauthorized        : 2 occurrences
dismissals          : 1 occurrences
flip                : 2 occurrences
birch               : 1 occurrences
injuries            : 1 occurrences
speech              : 4 occurrences
uraniumonedeal      : 2 occurrences
returns             : 1 occurrences
attention           : 2 occurrences
spying              : 2 occurrences
beast               : 1 occurrences
huntflynn           : 1 occurrences
described           : 6 occurrences
capital             : 3 occurrences
touch               : 2 occurrences
valley              : 1 occurrences
accord              : 1 occurrences
clock               : 2 occurrences
loser               : 1 occurrences
resettling          : 1 occurrences
reportedour         : 2 occurrences
baker               : 2 occurrences
document            : 10 occurrences
crush               : 1 occurrences
deeply              : 1 occurrences
drains              : 1 occurrences
implement           : 1 occurrences
pee                 : 1 occurrences
change              : 6 occurrences
borne               : 1 occurrences
ignored             : 1 occurrences
spill               : 1 occurrences
flee                : 1 occurrences
peacekeeping        : 1 occurrences
west                : 2 occurrences
oldest              : 1 occurrences
contributions       : 1 occurrences
relief              : 2 occurrences
told                : 27 occurrences
danger              : 1 occurrences
per                 : 2 occurrences
2017terrifying      : 1 occurrences
sheriff             : 3 occurrences
persists            : 1 occurrences
animal              : 1 occurrences
classic             : 1 occurrences
surprised           : 3 occurrences
stood               : 8 occurrences
planimmediately     : 1 occurrences
removal             : 1 occurrences
torture             : 1 occurrences
innocent            : 4 occurrences
prototypes          : 4 occurrences
legislatures        : 1 occurrences
sudan               : 1 occurrences
northern            : 1 occurrences
incorporating       : 1 occurrences
focuses             : 1 occurrences
yemenwe             : 1 occurrences
invested            : 1 occurrences
semiconductor       : 1 occurrences
lefty               : 1 occurrences
accepts             : 1 occurrences
surprises           : 1 occurrences
resettlement        : 1 occurrences
barack              : 3 occurrences
earned              : 1 occurrences
easier              : 3 occurrences
straddle            : 1 occurrences
offenses            : 1 occurrences
informantsource     : 1 occurrences
rogue               : 3 occurrences
safer               : 1 occurrences
jihadis             : 1 occurrences
back                : 20 occurrences
canada              : 3 occurrences
culturally          : 1 occurrences
antiamerican        : 3 occurrences
receive             : 3 occurrences
pepfar              : 1 occurrences
nance               : 1 occurrences
thickens            : 5 occurrences
aids                : 1 occurrences
rifle               : 2 occurrences
malaria             : 1 occurrences
outlined            : 1 occurrences
taught              : 2 occurrences
proud               : 4 occurrences
thousands           : 7 occurrences
initiative          : 2 occurrences
slavery             : 1 occurrences
overcome            : 1 occurrences
stops               : 1 occurrences
commitment          : 1 occurrences
coincidences        : 1 occurrences
empowering          : 1 occurrences
team                : 18 occurrences
globewe             : 1 occurrences
scams               : 1 occurrences
partner             : 1 occurrences
kneeling            : 1 occurrences
tear                : 3 occurrences
ammunition          : 4 occurrences
fourthe             : 1 occurrences
subvert             : 1 occurrences
foundational        : 1 occurrences
adore               : 1 occurrences
conspiracy          : 2 occurrences
dugout              : 1 occurrences
pile                : 2 occurrences
walks               : 1 occurrences
james               : 9 occurrences
today4767           : 1 occurrences
ratib               : 1 occurrences
alerted             : 1 occurrences
president           : 63 occurrences
2017immigrant       : 1 occurrences
please              : 4 occurrences
loretta             : 9 occurrences
dare                : 1 occurrences
storyfox            : 3 occurrences
tony                : 1 occurrences
arrest              : 1 occurrences
picking             : 2 occurrences
overview            : 1 occurrences
road                : 1 occurrences
everything          : 9 occurrences
calling             : 18 occurrences
majority            : 6 occurrences
dark                : 1 occurrences
payment             : 1 occurrences
lombardo            : 1 occurrences
saidafter           : 1 occurrences
matters             : 1 occurrences
tough               : 1 occurrences
appeals             : 2 occurrences
backseat            : 1 occurrences
principle           : 2 occurrences
convenience         : 9 occurrences
took                : 10 occurrences
store               : 14 occurrences
involving           : 21 occurrences
angle               : 1 occurrences
standing            : 6 occurrences
chief               : 5 occurrences
call                : 8 occurrences
steep               : 1 occurrences
dallas              : 4 occurrences
hoover              : 1 occurrences
walls               : 2 occurrences
atomic              : 3 occurrences
elhaddad            : 2 occurrences
tenambetween        : 1 occurrences
tech                : 4 occurrences
encourages          : 1 occurrences
nutrition           : 1 occurrences
assisting           : 2 occurrences
hideki              : 1 occurrences
folded              : 1 occurrences
stop                : 10 occurrences
garbage             : 2 occurrences
story               : 11 occurrences
consistently        : 1 occurrences
eight               : 5 occurrences
soin                : 3 occurrences
todaywow            : 1 occurrences
testify             : 1 occurrences
shouted             : 3 occurrences
thereof             : 2 occurrences
came                : 7 occurrences
areacongressional   : 1 occurrences
3453                : 1 occurrences
pushed              : 1 occurrences
majoritymuslim      : 1 occurrences
burning             : 1 occurrences
stationed           : 2 occurrences
afterthe            : 1 occurrences
date                : 3 occurrences
broad               : 1 occurrences
soil                : 1 occurrences
acquired            : 1 occurrences
hospitals           : 2 occurrences
camp                : 1 occurrences
learn               : 1 occurrences
dealbut             : 1 occurrences
final               : 2 occurrences
supporters          : 3 occurrences
dozens              : 1 occurrences
efficient           : 1 occurrences
attended            : 3 occurrences
jasoncalabretta     : 1 occurrences
coaches             : 2 occurrences
modestincome        : 2 occurrences
flow                : 2 occurrences
jihadists           : 1 occurrences
javier              : 4 occurrences
consider            : 1 occurrences
installments        : 1 occurrences
reportedthat        : 1 occurrences
interestingthe      : 2 occurrences
oversaw             : 1 occurrences
attentionradio      : 1 occurrences
gunshotscongressmen : 1 occurrences
circulated          : 2 occurrences
receiving           : 4 occurrences
browder             : 9 occurrences
twitter             : 3 occurrences
consequently        : 1 occurrences
investigated        : 1 occurrences
components          : 1 occurrences
claudia             : 1 occurrences
protests            : 1 occurrences
began               : 8 occurrences
perez               : 10 occurrences
making              : 13 occurrences
relevantdnc         : 1 occurrences
circumvent          : 1 occurrences
very                : 27 occurrences
collegeplease       : 1 occurrences
incredibly          : 1 occurrences
least               : 5 occurrences
chihuahua           : 1 occurrences
thenus              : 1 occurrences
april               : 2 occurrences
shared              : 6 occurrences
country             : 23 occurrences
abedin              : 3 occurrences
flips               : 1 occurrences
strict              : 1 occurrences
sought              : 2 occurrences
listthe             : 1 occurrences
reload              : 1 occurrences
broken              : 1 occurrences
manchin             : 4 occurrences
comfortable         : 2 occurrences
setting             : 1 occurrences
broadcast           : 2 occurrences
sayssteele          : 1 occurrences
cards               : 2 occurrences
togetherness        : 1 occurrences
shares              : 1 occurrences
corners             : 2 occurrences
campus              : 1 occurrences
key                 : 7 occurrences
medical             : 2 occurrences
discuss             : 2 occurrences
discussions         : 1 occurrences
represents          : 3 occurrences
fraudulently        : 3 occurrences
sold                : 2 occurrences
irony               : 2 occurrences
nice                : 1 occurrences
housepopovich       : 1 occurrences
cowboys             : 3 occurrences
linked              : 3 occurrences
river               : 1 occurrences
fools               : 1 occurrences
anthemthe           : 1 occurrences
warnings            : 1 occurrences
moment              : 4 occurrences
travelled           : 1 occurrences
incontrovertible    : 1 occurrences
removed             : 1 occurrences
supposed            : 2 occurrences
payouts             : 1 occurrences
forming             : 1 occurrences
use                 : 9 occurrences
bodily              : 1 occurrences
ihab                : 1 occurrences
27th                : 1 occurrences
footage             : 2 occurrences
inspired            : 1 occurrences
silicon             : 1 occurrences
arrangements        : 1 occurrences
potito              : 1 occurrences
facilitated         : 1 occurrences
shocked             : 2 occurrences
struggling          : 1 occurrences
overseeing          : 1 occurrences
awaiting            : 1 occurrences
onepage             : 1 occurrences
newsthe             : 1 occurrences
thing               : 9 occurrences
infamous            : 3 occurrences
planthe             : 3 occurrences
think               : 15 occurrences
junetrump           : 1 occurrences
samuelson           : 1 occurrences
otherwise           : 1 occurrences
defenseour          : 1 occurrences
strength            : 4 occurrences
channels            : 1 occurrences
promote             : 2 occurrences
prosperityit        : 1 occurrences
european            : 1 occurrences
grab                : 2 occurrences
winnersthe          : 1 occurrences
fencecrowd          : 1 occurrences
leave               : 2 occurrences
perils              : 1 occurrences
ideology            : 2 occurrences
represent           : 1 occurrences
fan                 : 1 occurrences
trade               : 1 occurrences
seal                : 1 occurrences
declined            : 2 occurrences
far                 : 11 occurrences
koreans             : 2 occurrences
collected           : 4 occurrences
unless              : 3 occurrences
sean                : 7 occurrences
improper            : 2 occurrences
possibilities       : 1 occurrences
satisfy             : 2 occurrences
song                : 1 occurrences
knowns              : 1 occurrences
period              : 6 occurrences
jerdana             : 2 occurrences
gray                : 1 occurrences
kushner             : 1 occurrences
reasoncom           : 1 occurrences
appears             : 2 occurrences
declines            : 1 occurrences
relating            : 4 occurrences
care                : 3 occurrences
passed              : 3 occurrences
nimble              : 1 occurrences
hajje               : 1 occurrences
fbi                 : 134 occurrences
flynnthe            : 1 occurrences
wonder              : 1 occurrences
already             : 8 occurrences
clintonscritics     : 1 occurrences
discussing          : 1 occurrences
card                : 2 occurrences
nightpolice         : 1 occurrences
2017the             : 2 occurrences
dossiera            : 1 occurrences
efforts             : 12 occurrences
grasping            : 1 occurrences
showtwo             : 1 occurrences
screams             : 1 occurrences
chaika              : 4 occurrences
likely              : 7 occurrences
workers             : 1 occurrences
namepolice          : 1 occurrences
ginsburg            : 2 occurrences
accept              : 2 occurrences
clean               : 1 occurrences
days                : 5 occurrences
sharif              : 4 occurrences
soon                : 2 occurrences
clear               : 5 occurrences
complying           : 1 occurrences
ball                : 1 occurrences
case                : 38 occurrences
foundationin        : 1 occurrences
dcreateelements     : 1 occurrences
cash                : 13 occurrences
causing             : 1 occurrences
child               : 1 occurrences
trail               : 1 occurrences
inkling             : 1 occurrences
train               : 1 occurrences
daily               : 15 occurrences
identifiedall       : 1 occurrences
wasted              : 1 occurrences
building            : 5 occurrences
harbors             : 1 occurrences
belly               : 1 occurrences
shinzo              : 2 occurrences
presents            : 1 occurrences
cast                : 1 occurrences
publicly            : 2 occurrences
bama                : 1 occurrences
automatic           : 2 occurrences
staffer             : 2 occurrences
dugouts             : 1 occurrences
scatter             : 1 occurrences
piss                : 1 occurrences
systemically        : 1 occurrences
onto                : 1 occurrences
jackposobiec        : 1 occurrences
absolutely          : 1 occurrences
influence           : 5 occurrences
fines               : 1 occurrences
chanted             : 1 occurrences
retained            : 1 occurrences
direct              : 7 occurrences
investigators       : 9 occurrences
town                : 2 occurrences
peril               : 1 occurrences
dying               : 2 occurrences
fighters            : 1 occurrences
administered        : 1 occurrences
dobbs               : 10 occurrences
sentence4           : 1 occurrences
doradio             : 1 occurrences
should              : 21 occurrences
deserts             : 1 occurrences
strife              : 1 occurrences
goals               : 2 occurrences
entrygrandparents   : 1 occurrences
third               : 2 occurrences
claytonclayton      : 1 occurrences
everyday            : 1 occurrences
londonbased         : 1 occurrences
market              : 9 occurrences
filers              : 1 occurrences
band                : 2 occurrences
statecontrolled     : 1 occurrences
reeling             : 1 occurrences
spanish             : 1 occurrences
compromised         : 6 occurrences
gamehere            : 1 occurrences
bank                : 5 occurrences
clinton             : 102 occurrences
sensitive           : 4 occurrences
status22            : 1 occurrences
chimp               : 1 occurrences
sread               : 1 occurrences
legal               : 3 occurrences
desire              : 1 occurrences
generalnatalia      : 1 occurrences
wagon               : 1 occurrences
1964                : 1 occurrences
struggled           : 1 occurrences
asset               : 1 occurrences
seek                : 8 occurrences
seem                : 2 occurrences
press               : 16 occurrences
thisa               : 1 occurrences
authentic           : 1 occurrences
nasty               : 2 occurrences
investigationremember: 3 occurrences
few                 : 12 occurrences
tell                : 10 occurrences
persons             : 3 occurrences
watching            : 2 occurrences
pertains            : 1 occurrences
pro                 : 1 occurrences
ongoing             : 3 occurrences
access              : 2 occurrences
uraniummining       : 1 occurrences
sentenced           : 7 occurrences
capitol             : 14 occurrences
developed           : 2 occurrences
aforementioned      : 1 occurrences
6530                : 1 occurrences
sort                : 1 occurrences
70000               : 1 occurrences
0907                : 1 occurrences
tenex               : 3 occurrences
skynews             : 1 occurrences
saved               : 2 occurrences
medics              : 1 occurrences
digging             : 2 occurrences
role                : 6 occurrences
discriminates       : 1 occurrences
proclaimed          : 1 occurrences
below               : 18 occurrences
begin               : 5 occurrences
seeing              : 2 occurrences
combat              : 1 occurrences
kaepernick          : 1 occurrences
seen                : 2 occurrences
heartfelt           : 2 occurrences
baseball            : 3 occurrences
chants              : 1 occurrences
grew                : 1 occurrences
management          : 1 occurrences
pages               : 4 occurrences
founders            : 6 occurrences
islamist            : 2 occurrences
contains            : 1 occurrences
intimidated         : 1 occurrences
allow               : 5 occurrences
rosenstein          : 8 occurrences
17th                : 1 occurrences
newsgathering       : 1 occurrences
fbithe              : 1 occurrences
singer              : 2 occurrences
founder             : 2 occurrences
inspector           : 3 occurrences
severely            : 1 occurrences
broke               : 1 occurrences
false               : 10 occurrences
movements           : 2 occurrences
anymore             : 3 occurrences
killing             : 2 occurrences
trumpthe            : 1 occurrences
california          : 3 occurrences
study               : 1 occurrences
politicization      : 2 occurrences
rescinded           : 1 occurrences
founded             : 1 occurrences
truman              : 1 occurrences
depends             : 2 occurrences
todaythis           : 1 occurrences
fulfill             : 1 occurrences
china               : 2 occurrences
turmoil             : 1 occurrences
korea               : 7 occurrences
guarded             : 1 occurrences
cited               : 1 occurrences
read                : 14 occurrences
count               : 2 occurrences
latest              : 3 occurrences
else                : 9 occurrences
close               : 6 occurrences
balance             : 2 occurrences
confusion           : 1 occurrences
libya               : 1 occurrences
order               : 18 occurrences
prevented           : 3 occurrences
intruder            : 1 occurrences
real                : 1 occurrences
1993                : 1 occurrences
abc                 : 4 occurrences
technology          : 4 occurrences
abe                 : 5 occurrences
texts               : 1 occurrences
84b4                : 1 occurrences
transported         : 1 occurrences
mainstream          : 1 occurrences
priceless           : 1 occurrences
selfserving         : 1 occurrences
animals             : 1 occurrences
leadership          : 5 occurrences
rosello             : 1 occurrences
protestors          : 3 occurrences
bridging            : 1 occurrences
investigator        : 2 occurrences
reverse             : 2 occurrences
potus               : 2 occurrences
student             : 5 occurrences
flynn               : 16 occurrences
unfortunately       : 1 occurrences
put                 : 12 occurrences
expressed           : 4 occurrences
enforcement         : 10 occurrences
accountant          : 1 occurrences
wowkallstrom        : 1 occurrences
fundamental         : 2 occurrences
forward             : 2 occurrences
grid                : 1 occurrences
headed              : 1 occurrences
bars                : 1 occurrences
business            : 14 occurrences
specifically        : 4 occurrences
republicans         : 9 occurrences
kathleen            : 1 occurrences
powell              : 1 occurrences
interagency         : 1 occurrences
representation      : 1 occurrences
defeated            : 1 occurrences
partisan            : 1 occurrences
allowing            : 4 occurrences
defraud             : 1 occurrences
smugglers           : 1 occurrences
manipulate          : 1 occurrences
originally          : 2 occurrences
ghanaian            : 1 occurrences
acting              : 1 occurrences
base                : 4 occurrences
lifted              : 1 occurrences
act                 : 8 occurrences
bash                : 2 occurrences
otay                : 1 occurrences
hillaryclinton      : 1 occurrences
tubes               : 1 occurrences
break               : 2 occurrences
carol               : 3 occurrences
stampedecash        : 1 occurrences
thirddegree         : 1 occurrences
room                : 5 occurrences
typically           : 1 occurrences
stuff               : 5 occurrences
posted              : 4 occurrences
title               : 1 occurrences
add                 : 3 occurrences
banker              : 1 occurrences
executives          : 1 occurrences
responded           : 3 occurrences
terror              : 5 occurrences
district            : 3 occurrences
schedule            : 3 occurrences
fjs                 : 1 occurrences
maria               : 1 occurrences
magnet              : 3 occurrences
homeland            : 2 occurrences
million             : 31 occurrences
nine                : 1 occurrences
intel               : 7 occurrences
demotion            : 1 occurrences
exbritish           : 1 occurrences
compared            : 1 occurrences
unpredictable       : 1 occurrences
conglomerate        : 1 occurrences
obtained            : 3 occurrences
nations             : 44 occurrences
stating             : 5 occurrences
bureaucracy         : 3 occurrences
personnel           : 6 occurrences
diplomatic          : 2 occurrences
action              : 7 occurrences
againsharif         : 1 occurrences
takedown            : 1 occurrences
gunfirefootage      : 1 occurrences
nowpolice           : 1 occurrences
cashing             : 1 occurrences
direction           : 3 occurrences
bats                : 1 occurrences
dispatch            : 1 occurrences
flames              : 1 occurrences
suffrage            : 1 occurrences
literature          : 1 occurrences
appellate           : 1 occurrences
aleksej             : 2 occurrences
critical            : 6 occurrences
target              : 2 occurrences
arranged            : 1 occurrences
billhemmers         : 1 occurrences
term                : 3 occurrences
islamic             : 6 occurrences
confidential        : 3 occurrences
saidhe              : 1 occurrences
yumyum              : 1 occurrences
fix                 : 1 occurrences
resurface           : 2 occurrences
source              : 16 occurrences
court               : 21 occurrences
todaydespite        : 1 occurrences
free                : 5 occurrences
attendant           : 1 occurrences
noknock             : 1 occurrences
crying              : 2 occurrences
vegas               : 11 occurrences
primary             : 1 occurrences
station             : 2 occurrences
needs               : 6 occurrences
testimony           : 1 occurrences
reasons             : 5 occurrences
normal              : 3 occurrences
moscowbased         : 1 occurrences
manafort            : 6 occurrences
needy               : 2 occurrences
remove              : 3 occurrences
above               : 4 occurrences
simpler             : 1 occurrences
filesto             : 1 occurrences
followed            : 2 occurrences
justified           : 1 occurrences
hills               : 1 occurrences
steve               : 8 occurrences
sell                : 1 occurrences
warriors            : 1 occurrences
stranger            : 1 occurrences
allegedly           : 5 occurrences
changing            : 1 occurrences
precisely           : 1 occurrences
politically         : 2 occurrences
thenpresident       : 1 occurrences
profound            : 1 occurrences
relocate            : 1 occurrences
marks               : 1 occurrences
mexican             : 6 occurrences
abdulahi            : 1 occurrences
complained          : 1 occurrences
agreement           : 9 occurrences
nationalsecurity    : 1 occurrences
alongside           : 2 occurrences
400                 : 1 occurrences
401                 : 2 occurrences
elected             : 4 occurrences
12th                : 1 occurrences
beautiful           : 6 occurrences
national            : 37 occurrences
seized              : 1 occurrences
identities          : 1 occurrences
sustained           : 1 occurrences
returning           : 2 occurrences
var                 : 1 occurrences
age                 : 1 occurrences
buzzfeed            : 8 occurrences
example             : 7 occurrences
ago                 : 6 occurrences
winners             : 1 occurrences
cartels             : 3 occurrences
reliably            : 1 occurrences
obvious             : 1 occurrences
candidates          : 2 occurrences
allegations         : 3 occurrences
television          : 1 occurrences
sweetie             : 1 occurrences
family              : 6 occurrences
social              : 1 occurrences
dated               : 2 occurrences
feared              : 3 occurrences
send                : 1 occurrences
recusal             : 1 occurrences
consultation        : 1 occurrences
talked              : 1 occurrences
2000maga            : 1 occurrences
threaten            : 5 occurrences
mike                : 2 occurrences
undercover          : 6 occurrences
supposedly          : 1 occurrences
engage              : 2 occurrences
event               : 2 occurrences
outta               : 2 occurrences
exaggerating        : 1 occurrences
victims             : 7 occurrences
audio               : 1 occurrences
uncertainread       : 1 occurrences
sent                : 10 occurrences
raised              : 4 occurrences
belowpresident      : 1 occurrences
audit               : 1 occurrences
blew                : 1 occurrences
import              : 2 occurrences
aliens              : 1 occurrences
todaylast           : 1 occurrences
pictwittercomxbrttk0shy: 1 occurrences
onecount            : 1 occurrences
kremlin             : 2 occurrences
manual              : 1 occurrences
chutkan             : 3 occurrences
analysis            : 2 occurrences
thatpolice          : 1 occurrences
raises              : 2 occurrences
joining             : 4 occurrences
laundering          : 5 occurrences
carto               : 1 occurrences
equally             : 1 occurrences
foreigners          : 3 occurrences
thanks              : 2 occurrences
aid                 : 3 occurrences
such                : 13 occurrences
demands             : 1 occurrences
pintsized           : 1 occurrences
appreciation        : 1 occurrences
research            : 11 occurrences
facility            : 1 occurrences
limousine           : 1 occurrences
spakovsky           : 2 occurrences
handpicked          : 3 occurrences
fox                 : 28 occurrences
usmexico            : 4 occurrences
highway             : 2 occurrences
grow                : 2 occurrences
lies                : 1 occurrences
knee                : 3 occurrences
bayh                : 2 occurrences
enormous            : 1 occurrences
again               : 2 occurrences
interests           : 11 occurrences
litigation          : 1 occurrences
impeachment         : 2 occurrences
surrounding         : 1 occurrences
representative      : 5 occurrences
measuresaccording   : 1 occurrences
spoke               : 12 occurrences
weiner              : 1 occurrences
project             : 2 occurrences
knew                : 9 occurrences
agencies            : 13 occurrences
unveiled            : 1 occurrences
russell             : 1 occurrences
life                : 7 occurrences
mexicous            : 1 occurrences
offense             : 3 occurrences
boricua             : 1 occurrences
dealsthe            : 1 occurrences
script              : 1 occurrences
groped              : 1 occurrences
resources           : 5 occurrences
nikki               : 2 occurrences
sept                : 4 occurrences
massive             : 2 occurrences
while               : 22 occurrences
deposition          : 2 occurrences
substantial         : 3 occurrences
heartbroken         : 1 occurrences
30000how            : 1 occurrences
combined            : 1 occurrences
exposes             : 1 occurrences
secretary           : 20 occurrences
appropriate         : 2 occurrences
cashed              : 1 occurrences
miller              : 3 occurrences
canadathe           : 1 occurrences
illnesses           : 1 occurrences
totaling            : 2 occurrences
aka                 : 1 occurrences
jacob               : 1 occurrences
appoint             : 2 occurrences
sophisticated       : 1 occurrences
conducted           : 3 occurrences
categories          : 1 occurrences
10pmofficers        : 1 occurrences
tweeting            : 1 occurrences
mini                : 1 occurrences
uneducated          : 1 occurrences
disparaging         : 1 occurrences
camps               : 1 occurrences
500000              : 1 occurrences
salacious           : 1 occurrences
science             : 2 occurrences
active              : 1 occurrences
pointed             : 1 occurrences
accompany           : 1 occurrences
interactions        : 1 occurrences
carmen              : 4 occurrences
vez                 : 1 occurrences
powers              : 1 occurrences
recused             : 3 occurrences
text                : 4 occurrences
children            : 4 occurrences
buildingbut         : 1 occurrences
liesread            : 1 occurrences
felony              : 1 occurrences
violent             : 1 occurrences
declared            : 1 occurrences
florida             : 10 occurrences
forefront           : 1 occurrences
benefit             : 5 occurrences
material            : 2 occurrences
dismissed           : 1 occurrences
details             : 7 occurrences
desperate           : 2 occurrences
comments            : 6 occurrences
smaller             : 3 occurrences
situations          : 1 occurrences
uncoveredspokesmen  : 1 occurrences
holdings            : 1 occurrences
officials           : 25 occurrences
syrians             : 1 occurrences
reach               : 2 occurrences
every               : 10 occurrences
dokoupil            : 1 occurrences
videoshe            : 1 occurrences
sales               : 1 occurrences
saleh               : 3 occurrences
festival            : 5 occurrences
speak               : 5 occurrences
captioned           : 1 occurrences
obviously           : 1 occurrences
commented           : 1 occurrences
interfered          : 1 occurrences
migration           : 4 occurrences
menace              : 1 occurrences
members             : 12 occurrences
recusals            : 1 occurrences
legislature         : 5 occurrences
treatmentthe        : 1 occurrences
regime              : 13 occurrences
lift                : 3 occurrences
winging             : 1 occurrences
fraudulent          : 6 occurrences
famously            : 1 occurrences
impose              : 3 occurrences
inspiration         : 1 occurrences
funded              : 3 occurrences
traffic             : 1 occurrences
brown               : 2 occurrences
witch               : 4 occurrences
mccabe              : 22 occurrences
industry            : 4 occurrences
defrauded           : 1 occurrences
traditions          : 1 occurrences
systems             : 5 occurrences
clerk               : 1 occurrences
collapse            : 1 occurrences
fearthis            : 1 occurrences
mattersaccording    : 1 occurrences
spam                : 1 occurrences
hesitate            : 1 occurrences
nationstate         : 1 occurrences
jsid                : 1 occurrences
suspicious          : 2 occurrences
kickback            : 2 occurrences
giveaway            : 1 occurrences
criminals           : 3 occurrences
starting            : 1 occurrences
crowds              : 1 occurrences
ready               : 2 occurrences
ana                 : 2 occurrences
wait                : 1 occurrences
ultimate            : 1 occurrences
2015browder         : 1 occurrences
remains             : 2 occurrences
taxes               : 4 occurrences
upon                : 4 occurrences
476                 : 2 occurrences
curious             : 1 occurrences
endure              : 2 occurrences
statebystate        : 1 occurrences
useless             : 1 occurrences
residing            : 1 occurrences
ann                 : 1 occurrences
demanding           : 2 occurrences
noble               : 2 occurrences
applauseall         : 1 occurrences
worldwide           : 1 occurrences
results             : 3 occurrences
slide               : 1 occurrences
twisted             : 1 occurrences
testified           : 1 occurrences
highlevel           : 1 occurrences
wound               : 1 occurrences
resolution          : 4 occurrences
massthe             : 1 occurrences
via                 : 11 occurrences
20092013            : 1 occurrences
counts              : 1 occurrences
kim                 : 1 occurrences
launched            : 3 occurrences
magnitsky           : 4 occurrences
county              : 2 occurrences
kids                : 1 occurrences
benefitstheir       : 1 occurrences
summary             : 1 occurrences
fun                 : 1 occurrences
increases           : 2 occurrences
dictatorship        : 2 occurrences
depleted            : 1 occurrences
region              : 6 occurrences
closed              : 1 occurrences
exports             : 1 occurrences
peak                : 1 occurrences
crawl               : 1 occurrences
seconds             : 1 occurrences
coach               : 3 occurrences
prevents            : 6 occurrences
reportshanding      : 1 occurrences
crunch              : 1 occurrences
suit                : 3 occurrences
right               : 17 occurrences
groups              : 6 occurrences
iranian             : 6 occurrences
closer              : 1 occurrences
season              : 1 occurrences
trumpa              : 1 occurrences
draw                : 1 occurrences
trucking            : 2 occurrences
contractors         : 1 occurrences
2017our             : 1 occurrences
hitting             : 1 occurrences
numbers             : 2 occurrences
reference           : 2 occurrences
brooksarizona       : 1 occurrences
around              : 8 occurrences
sports              : 3 occurrences
agrees              : 1 occurrences
advantages          : 1 occurrences
agreed              : 2 occurrences
showsmoderateincome : 1 occurrences
hatred              : 1 occurrences
dictator            : 2 occurrences
sideshow            : 1 occurrences
years               : 30 occurrences
exposure            : 3 occurrences
eric                : 3 occurrences
apprehended         : 2 occurrences
wall                : 6 occurrences
backward            : 1 occurrences
watchjudicial       : 1 occurrences
warns               : 1 occurrences
raking              : 1 occurrences
apt                 : 1 occurrences
jerusalem           : 2 occurrences
breaching           : 3 occurrences
findings            : 1 occurrences
expanded            : 1 occurrences
chutkin             : 3 occurrences
nunes               : 11 occurrences
scheduled           : 1 occurrences
connected           : 1 occurrences
floor               : 4 occurrences
creating            : 3 occurrences
horror              : 2 occurrences
poor                : 1 occurrences
informal            : 1 occurrences
corporate           : 1 occurrences
club                : 2 occurrences
helpradio           : 1 occurrences
medium              : 1 occurrences
edgar               : 1 occurrences
quickly             : 3 occurrences
threatened          : 4 occurrences
schedules           : 3 occurrences
anthemsenator       : 1 occurrences
cashthe             : 2 occurrences
administrationera   : 1 occurrences
credential          : 1 occurrences
sotomayor           : 2 occurrences
someone             : 5 occurrences
listening           : 1 occurrences
clue                : 1 occurrences
closely             : 2 occurrences
bunker              : 2 occurrences
bruce               : 1 occurrences
turn                : 4 occurrences
denuclearization    : 1 occurrences
banquet             : 1 occurrences
awesome             : 1 occurrences
houses              : 1 occurrences
hundreds            : 5 occurrences
clarity             : 1 occurrences
spew                : 1 occurrences
puppets             : 1 occurrences
institution         : 5 occurrences
since               : 14 occurrences
link                : 2 occurrences
essentially         : 2 occurrences
seemingly           : 1 occurrences
classified          : 1 occurrences
minutes             : 3 occurrences
francisco           : 1 occurrences
entire              : 16 occurrences
creation            : 4 occurrences
phones              : 1 occurrences
arm                 : 3 occurrences
andrew              : 12 occurrences
talking             : 7 occurrences
nobody              : 1 occurrences
pictwittercomzbkt3kmxyr: 1 occurrences
white               : 14 occurrences
opinion             : 2 occurrences
denied              : 4 occurrences
singled             : 1 occurrences
understanding       : 1 occurrences
shortly             : 2 occurrences
upcoming            : 1 occurrences
want                : 26 occurrences
secureamerica       : 1 occurrences
profits             : 1 occurrences
wealth              : 2 occurrences
rightly             : 1 occurrences
flees               : 1 occurrences
applause            : 2 occurrences
become              : 9 occurrences
usually             : 2 occurrences
cryptic             : 1 occurrences
denies              : 4 occurrences
unjustly            : 1 occurrences
causes              : 1 occurrences
reformersoppressive : 1 occurrences
gubarev             : 5 occurrences
businesses          : 2 occurrences
occasionally        : 1 occurrences
ask                 : 5 occurrences
found               : 8 occurrences
disturbing          : 3 occurrences
commitments         : 1 occurrences
financingin         : 1 occurrences
sfgate              : 1 occurrences
announcement        : 1 occurrences
journalists         : 1 occurrences
ass                 : 1 occurrences
lag                 : 1 occurrences
guided              : 1 occurrences
arabia              : 1 occurrences
avoid               : 2 occurrences
petition            : 2 occurrences
ownership           : 2 occurrences
inspires            : 1 occurrences
government          : 43 occurrences
peoplelast          : 1 occurrences
porn                : 1 occurrences
know                : 26 occurrences
whether             : 12 occurrences
senate              : 13 occurrences
nonpartisan         : 1 occurrences
patted              : 1 occurrences
janet               : 1 occurrences
something           : 12 occurrences
global              : 5 occurrences
unclassified        : 1 occurrences
patrons             : 1 occurrences
greater             : 3 occurrences
law                 : 16 occurrences
escalating          : 1 occurrences
corner              : 1 occurrences
scandal             : 17 occurrences
probably            : 3 occurrences
lobbying            : 1 occurrences
reducing            : 1 occurrences
heard               : 14 occurrences
previous            : 10 occurrences
reject              : 3 occurrences
mccain              : 11 occurrences
records             : 28 occurrences
tokyo               : 1 occurrences
christmas           : 5 occurrences
called              : 20 occurrences
casegubarev         : 1 occurrences
occurred            : 6 occurrences
cfius               : 1 occurrences
understand          : 4 occurrences
reserved            : 1 occurrences
veselnitskaya       : 7 occurrences
circumstances       : 1 occurrences
fence               : 2 occurrences
isis                : 10 occurrences
investigate         : 7 occurrences
assumed             : 1 occurrences
post                : 3 occurrences
fully               : 1 occurrences
caller              : 21 occurrences
aug                 : 3 occurrences
plead               : 1 occurrences
themselves          : 6 occurrences
vaultthe            : 3 occurrences
hostages            : 2 occurrences
spectrum            : 1 occurrences
von                 : 2 occurrences
americans           : 7 occurrences
prohibits           : 3 occurrences
unpredictability    : 1 occurrences
port                : 1 occurrences
crossing            : 1 occurrences
considering         : 1 occurrences
heart               : 3 occurrences
spin                : 1 occurrences
scandalthe          : 1 occurrences
swath               : 1 occurrences
orders              : 4 occurrences
eyewitness          : 1 occurrences
statesthe           : 1 occurrences
electionmr          : 1 occurrences
ended               : 1 occurrences
hosko               : 2 occurrences
stunning            : 2 occurrences
7616                : 1 occurrences
informed            : 2 occurrences
reynold             : 1 occurrences
uranium             : 56 occurrences
ave                 : 6 occurrences
11hajje             : 1 occurrences
convictions         : 1 occurrences
arguing             : 1 occurrences
applies             : 1 occurrences
beginning           : 2 occurrences
feather             : 1 occurrences
las                 : 8 occurrences
arsenal             : 1 occurrences
treehouse           : 1 occurrences
voted               : 1 occurrences
indicated           : 1 occurrences
arrested            : 4 occurrences
ruiz                : 1 occurrences
sixth               : 1 occurrences
shooting            : 12 occurrences
metropolitan        : 1 occurrences
seriouslythat       : 1 occurrences
calabretta          : 1 occurrences
sentence            : 4 occurrences
supervised          : 2 occurrences
lisa                : 1 occurrences
looked              : 1 occurrences
millermr            : 1 occurrences
1990s               : 2 occurrences
hiring              : 2 occurrences
unverified          : 1 occurrences
indicates           : 1 occurrences
reckless            : 3 occurrences
morning             : 10 occurrences
approve             : 3 occurrences
falling             : 1 occurrences
3000                : 2 occurrences
checkpoint          : 1 occurrences
votes               : 11 occurrences
kill                : 2 occurrences
unprotected         : 1 occurrences
4d6c                : 1 occurrences
list                : 6 occurrences
giving              : 9 occurrences
supplied            : 1 occurrences
judicious           : 1 occurrences
hoursthe            : 1 occurrences
supplying           : 1 occurrences
updated             : 1 occurrences
wasn                : 4 occurrences
important           : 4 occurrences
accepted            : 2 occurrences
cover               : 7 occurrences
hired               : 1 occurrences
onebreaking         : 1 occurrences
capbut              : 1 occurrences
subject             : 1 occurrences
richthe             : 1 occurrences
crimessaleh         : 1 occurrences
jason               : 4 occurrences
worked              : 12 occurrences
evaluate            : 2 occurrences
popular             : 16 occurrences
let                 : 18 occurrences
releasing           : 3 occurrences
those               : 28 occurrences
sure                : 6 occurrences
trying              : 6 occurrences
thendeputy          : 1 occurrences
blue                : 1 occurrences
obama               : 62 occurrences
corruption          : 15 occurrences
tighttrump          : 1 occurrences
info                : 2 occurrences
federallyfunded     : 1 occurrences
basedmonitored      : 2 occurrences
oppose              : 2 occurrences
dispatched          : 1 occurrences
january             : 2 occurrences
heather             : 1 occurrences
kind                : 5 occurrences
theft               : 2 occurrences
village             : 1 occurrences
taxationin          : 1 occurrences
roommate            : 1 occurrences
affair              : 1 occurrences
tossed              : 1 occurrences
bloodbath           : 1 occurrences
empowered           : 1 occurrences
rule                : 6 occurrences
contactsbut         : 1 occurrences
turns               : 2 occurrences
alaina              : 1 occurrences
lee                 : 1 occurrences
helpnote            : 1 occurrences
cases               : 7 occurrences
trains              : 1 occurrences
customers           : 1 occurrences
transactions        : 2 occurrences
supplies            : 1 occurrences
28th                : 1 occurrences
special             : 46 occurrences
recordings          : 1 occurrences
applications        : 3 occurrences
materials           : 5 occurrences
strongest           : 2 occurrences
documentthe         : 1 occurrences
mystery             : 2 occurrences
friday              : 12 occurrences
frozen              : 1 occurrences
check               : 3 occurrences
dealwithin          : 1 occurrences
fjsparentnodeinsertbeforejs: 1 occurrences
bepresident         : 1 occurrences
spend               : 3 occurrences
mexico              : 8 occurrences
somali              : 1 occurrences
tarmac              : 6 occurrences
africa              : 2 occurrences
mode                : 1 occurrences
lobbyist            : 1 occurrences
gag                 : 18 occurrences
spent               : 6 occurrences
diversity           : 1 occurrences
newttrump           : 1 occurrences
leg                 : 1 occurrences
divisionread        : 1 occurrences
live                : 4 occurrences
sneak               : 3 occurrences
deciding            : 1 occurrences
contracts           : 1 occurrences
sacrifices          : 1 occurrences
antonio             : 1 occurrences
japanese            : 4 occurrences
wave                : 1 occurrences
receipts            : 1 occurrences
countries           : 16 occurrences
claimed             : 2 occurrences
sparkle             : 1 occurrences
uninvited           : 1 occurrences
grahamcassidy       : 1 occurrences
shield              : 1 occurrences
crew                : 1 occurrences
voters              : 3 occurrences
bitter              : 1 occurrences
led                 : 2 occurrences
kasumigaseki        : 1 occurrences
commit              : 3 occurrences
serve               : 4 occurrences
stepping            : 1 occurrences
columbia            : 1 occurrences
withheld            : 9 occurrences
interviewmeanwhile  : 1 occurrences
military            : 9 occurrences
tabs                : 1 occurrences
fearwe              : 1 occurrences
gap                 : 1 occurrences
revisions           : 1 occurrences
opted               : 1 occurrences
corporations        : 1 occurrences
media               : 8 occurrences
highranking         : 4 occurrences
trumptrain          : 1 occurrences
emails              : 12 occurrences
outcomes            : 2 occurrences
ambassador          : 8 occurrences
throughout          : 3 occurrences
americamsnbc        : 1 occurrences
470000              : 1 occurrences
politician          : 1 occurrences
difficult           : 3 occurrences
reviewed            : 1 occurrences
lie                 : 1 occurrences
octoberthe          : 1 occurrences
limited             : 5 occurrences
started             : 6 occurrences
grounds             : 1 occurrences
assange             : 4 occurrences
harbor              : 2 occurrences
generate            : 1 occurrences
staff               : 8 occurrences
debate              : 2 occurrences
spot                : 2 occurrences
anyway              : 1 occurrences
regulations         : 1 occurrences
ages                : 1 occurrences
abuse               : 2 occurrences
strong              : 7 occurrences
heritage            : 2 occurrences
president1trump     : 1 occurrences
interested          : 1 occurrences
hardships           : 1 occurrences
solvebut            : 1 occurrences
citizensto          : 1 occurrences
dreams              : 2 occurrences
wars                : 2 occurrences
achieve             : 1 occurrences
preferential        : 1 occurrences
duties              : 2 occurrences
thensecretary       : 1 occurrences
looks               : 4 occurrences
minirussian         : 1 occurrences
coexist             : 1 occurrences
intended            : 2 occurrences
anniversary         : 1 occurrences
preferred           : 1 occurrences
sleepy              : 1 occurrences
brad                : 1 occurrences
chose               : 1 occurrences
peopleradio         : 1 occurrences
stage               : 6 occurrences
immigrants          : 3 occurrences
sacrificed          : 2 occurrences
dojwhen             : 1 occurrences
construction        : 2 occurrences
future              : 8 occurrences
maintain            : 1 occurrences
respectstrong       : 1 occurrences
question            : 6 occurrences
publish             : 2 occurrences
beneficial          : 3 occurrences
near                : 1 occurrences
none                : 2 occurrences
23rd                : 1 occurrences
slashed             : 1 occurrences
convulse            : 1 occurrences
hallmark            : 1 occurrences
everyone            : 16 occurrences
relax               : 1 occurrences
unnamed             : 1 occurrences
2017witnesses       : 1 occurrences
awan                : 1 occurrences
30000               : 1 occurrences
controversial       : 5 occurrences
reuters             : 2 occurrences
bigger              : 3 occurrences
drop                : 1 occurrences
enriched            : 1 occurrences
jill                : 2 occurrences
aldean              : 6 occurrences
criticized          : 1 occurrences
activitiesinvestigators: 1 occurrences
away                : 13 occurrences
ways                : 3 occurrences
refused             : 7 occurrences
liberal             : 2 occurrences
2004                : 1 occurrences
moved               : 3 occurrences
2000                : 2 occurrences
stateseveryday      : 1 occurrences
bracketsthe         : 1 occurrences
wanted              : 12 occurrences
2009                : 9 occurrences
learnedthe          : 1 occurrences
honoring            : 1 occurrences
citizenwilcox       : 1 occurrences
therescalise        : 1 occurrences
cooperating         : 1 occurrences
get                 : 25 occurrences
refuses             : 2 occurrences
ultimately          : 3 occurrences
statedreallyread    : 1 occurrences
brennan             : 2 occurrences
mother              : 3 occurrences
vast                : 2 occurrences
proceeds            : 1 occurrences
reportsclinton      : 1 occurrences
faced               : 2 occurrences
growing             : 1 occurrences
boots               : 1 occurrences
representing        : 5 occurrences
authoritarian       : 1 occurrences
soundbites          : 1 occurrences
2010                : 7 occurrences
police              : 24 occurrences
concerned           : 1 occurrences
2012                : 5 occurrences
lawmakers           : 5 occurrences
2015                : 15 occurrences
2016                : 26 occurrences
2017                : 16 occurrences
2014                : 4 occurrences
faces               : 1 occurrences
2019                : 1 occurrences
2013                : 1 occurrences
2011                : 2 occurrences
substantive         : 1 occurrences
2017well            : 1 occurrences
fraud               : 29 occurrences
institute           : 2 occurrences
schweitzer          : 1 occurrences
cratty              : 3 occurrences
discipline          : 1 occurrences
raising             : 2 occurrences
policy              : 6 occurrences
cooperation         : 2 occurrences
yourselfas          : 1 occurrences
shooter             : 6 occurrences
warcalls            : 1 occurrences
warrants            : 2 occurrences
notice              : 3 occurrences
sessionslawyer      : 1 occurrences
hassouna            : 2 occurrences
lock                : 1 occurrences
18th                : 1 occurrences
pardon              : 1 occurrences
alvi                : 1 occurrences
vladimir            : 5 occurrences
lines               : 2 occurrences
pictwittercomvolqhbkspy: 1 occurrences
protections         : 1 occurrences
street              : 6 occurrences
brainwashed         : 1 occurrences
2027                : 2 occurrences
governments         : 3 occurrences
bad                 : 3 occurrences
ringis              : 1 occurrences
honor               : 1 occurrences
1520                : 1 occurrences
organization        : 2 occurrences
pictwittercomtbnujzgzzf: 1 occurrences
obligation          : 1 occurrences
fundamentalism      : 1 occurrences
ban                 : 6 occurrences
smells              : 2 occurrences
thought             : 5 occurrences
10the               : 1 occurrences
common              : 1 occurrences
therefore           : 1 occurrences
thenongoing         : 1 occurrences
need                : 9 occurrences
fathers             : 3 occurrences
incidentthe         : 1 occurrences
advantage           : 1 occurrences
bay                 : 1 occurrences
muddled             : 1 occurrences
sarah               : 1 occurrences
fought              : 1 occurrences
asiait              : 1 occurrences
beyond              : 2 occurrences
directors           : 1 occurrences
ruth                : 2 occurrences
dropping            : 1 occurrences
upset               : 1 occurrences
smear               : 1 occurrences
sides               : 2 occurrences
embarrassed         : 1 occurrences
unintelligible      : 1 occurrences
allfor              : 1 occurrences
effect              : 3 occurrences
newsread            : 1 occurrences
method              : 1 occurrences
serious             : 5 occurrences
hello               : 1 occurrences
fiscal              : 1 occurrences
investigationmr     : 1 occurrences
belowthis           : 1 occurrences
realism             : 2 occurrences
porous              : 1 occurrences
quo                 : 1 occurrences
log                 : 3 occurrences
faithfully          : 1 occurrences
wellbeing           : 1 occurrences
bystanders          : 1 occurrences
starvation          : 1 occurrences
imprisonment        : 1 occurrences
narrative           : 4 occurrences
specific            : 2 occurrences
using               : 5 occurrences
otto                : 1 occurrences
lifeit              : 1 occurrences
supply              : 1 occurrences
electionmccabe      : 1 occurrences
lot                 : 3 occurrences
lou                 : 10 occurrences
warrantsfusion      : 1 occurrences
honorable           : 1 occurrences
adams               : 1 occurrences
behalf              : 1 occurrences
engagement          : 3 occurrences
enter               : 2 occurrences
party               : 3 occurrences
able                : 8 occurrences
provided            : 18 occurrences
reelection          : 1 occurrences
given               : 14 occurrences
balanced            : 1 occurrences
moly                : 1 occurrences
chad                : 1 occurrences
newspaper           : 2 occurrences
systemthe           : 1 occurrences
gives               : 2 occurrences
inept               : 1 occurrences
north               : 10 occurrences
kuwaiti             : 1 occurrences
fittonfbi           : 1 occurrences
reality             : 3 occurrences
116cv02046the       : 1 occurrences
indicted            : 1 occurrences
pompano             : 1 occurrences
hide                : 1 occurrences
ovation             : 3 occurrences
shift               : 1 occurrences
patience            : 1 occurrences
suicide             : 1 occurrences
naturalized         : 1 occurrences
ranging             : 1 occurrences
stamp               : 32 occurrences
note                : 3 occurrences
criminal            : 17 occurrences
options             : 1 occurrences
evidence            : 18 occurrences
whole               : 5 occurrences
aired               : 2 occurrences
drug                : 2 occurrences
666b                : 1 occurrences
expenditures        : 1 occurrences
explosion           : 2 occurrences
donated             : 3 occurrences
journal             : 4 occurrences
take                : 23 occurrences
received            : 7 occurrences
insisting           : 1 occurrences
finally             : 3 occurrences
there               : 44 occurrences
effort              : 11 occurrences
mean                : 5 occurrences
populous            : 2 occurrences
abolishmodern       : 1 occurrences
thenfbi             : 1 occurrences
idea                : 3 occurrences
issued              : 5 occurrences
significant         : 2 occurrences
lifers              : 1 occurrences
reddit              : 1 occurrences
networks            : 2 occurrences
ingrahamangle       : 3 occurrences
bed                 : 2 occurrences
peoplethe           : 3 occurrences
yousef              : 1 occurrences
partners            : 1 occurrences
payments            : 5 occurrences
vince               : 1 occurrences
designed            : 4 occurrences
jfkfiles            : 1 occurrences
stand               : 7 occurrences
issues              : 1 occurrences
visit               : 3 occurrences
allegiance          : 3 occurrences
environment         : 1 occurrences
matsuyama           : 1 occurrences
1000                : 1 occurrences
marshall            : 2 occurrences
bet                 : 2 occurrences
followsjuly         : 1 occurrences
speaks              : 1 occurrences
talk                : 4 occurrences
tall                : 2 occurrences
nowmccarthy         : 1 occurrences
prosecution         : 1 occurrences
publications        : 1 occurrences
sticky              : 1 occurrences
harvest             : 1 occurrences
interviewsfederal   : 1 occurrences
custody             : 1 occurrences
ruin                : 1 occurrences
formerly            : 5 occurrences
joseph              : 1 occurrences
willfully           : 2 occurrences
license             : 1 occurrences
arab                : 2 occurrences
accusing            : 3 occurrences
bashar              : 2 occurrences
safe                : 9 occurrences
miscellaneous       : 1 occurrences
clearing            : 3 occurrences
tillerson           : 5 occurrences
reductions          : 1 occurrences
patriotic           : 1 occurrences
pleaded             : 1 occurrences
gifts               : 4 occurrences
brackets            : 2 occurrences
uncomfortable       : 5 occurrences
sltrb               : 1 occurrences
nonpolitical        : 1 occurrences
chuck               : 1 occurrences
eastwe              : 1 occurrences
murderous           : 1 occurrences
destabilizing       : 1 occurrences
giant               : 3 occurrences
pakistan            : 1 occurrences
masks               : 1 occurrences
provides            : 1 occurrences
links               : 1 occurrences
high                : 8 occurrences
examiner            : 2 occurrences
restrict            : 1 occurrences
happy               : 1 occurrences
greatly             : 1 occurrences
dictate             : 1 occurrences
timetables          : 1 occurrences
gains               : 1 occurrences
victory             : 2 occurrences
achieved            : 1 occurrences
second              : 8 occurrences
exactly             : 3 occurrences
combinedwe          : 1 occurrences
deescalation        : 1 occurrences
owners              : 6 occurrences
war                 : 5 occurrences
dossiernunes        : 1 occurrences
cofounder           : 2 occurrences
ltd                 : 1 occurrences
pull                : 1 occurrences
solution            : 1 occurrences
way                 : 19 occurrences
investigationbut    : 1 occurrences
conscience          : 1 occurrences
psychologically     : 1 occurrences
stateseach          : 1 occurrences
society             : 1 occurrences
familiar            : 5 occurrences
questions           : 4 occurrences
relations           : 3 occurrences
washington          : 21 occurrences
extended            : 1 occurrences
genocide            : 1 occurrences
2017he              : 1 occurrences
lol5                : 1 occurrences
quick               : 2 occurrences
foreign             : 16 occurrences
regimes             : 3 occurrences
strike              : 1 occurrences
attackwe            : 1 occurrences
jordan              : 1 occurrences
bombshellthe        : 1 occurrences
formally            : 1 occurrences
area                : 8 occurrences
success             : 4 occurrences
acala               : 1 occurrences
subsources          : 1 occurrences
rebuilding          : 1 occurrences
extremists          : 5 occurrences
hurricanes          : 1 occurrences
francis             : 1 occurrences
8th                 : 1 occurrences
dealing             : 4 occurrences
onesided            : 2 occurrences
corroborate         : 4 occurrences
processfor          : 1 occurrences
yesterday           : 2 occurrences
copies              : 1 occurrences
another             : 17 occurrences
through             : 25 occurrences
god                 : 5 occurrences
aren                : 2 occurrences
journey             : 1 occurrences
publicschool        : 1 occurrences
expeditions         : 1 occurrences
accepting           : 3 occurrences
syria               : 3 occurrences
muslim              : 7 occurrences
outlook             : 1 occurrences
realize             : 5 occurrences
big                 : 6 occurrences
gop                 : 5 occurrences
rulings             : 1 occurrences
opportunity         : 3 occurrences
got                 : 11 occurrences
gymnastics          : 1 occurrences
assassination       : 9 occurrences
rafidi              : 1 occurrences
bin                 : 10 occurrences
hemmer              : 1 occurrences
2017fbn             : 2 occurrences
official            : 16 occurrences
possibility         : 1 occurrences
secondly            : 2 occurrences
recognize           : 2 occurrences
biggest             : 13 occurrences
executive           : 11 occurrences
haven               : 4 occurrences
politicsdobbs       : 2 occurrences
iranthe             : 1 occurrences
equal               : 2 occurrences
stash               : 1 occurrences
indeed              : 2 occurrences
visiting            : 1 occurrences
gov                 : 1 occurrences
race                : 2 occurrences
investigations      : 3 occurrences
reacting            : 1 occurrences
stars               : 1 occurrences
illegals            : 1 occurrences
hugeit              : 1 occurrences
crazed              : 1 occurrences
partly              : 1 occurrences
2017in              : 1 occurrences
gps                 : 17 occurrences
currenciesbut       : 1 occurrences
aimed               : 2 occurrences
renewed             : 1 occurrences
538                 : 1 occurrences
michael             : 4 occurrences
eager               : 1 occurrences
practiced           : 1 occurrences
start               : 3 occurrences
erupts              : 1 occurrences
saidnews            : 1 occurrences
problems            : 3 occurrences
realized            : 3 occurrences
pastthe             : 1 occurrences
powersthatbe        : 1 occurrences
state               : 49 occurrences
antakya             : 1 occurrences
chest               : 1 occurrences
claim               : 4 occurrences
allegationsgubarev  : 1 occurrences
struck              : 2 occurrences
competing           : 1 occurrences
practices           : 1 occurrences
registration        : 1 occurrences
commercial          : 3 occurrences
americans20         : 1 occurrences
resulted            : 2 occurrences
warrant             : 1 occurrences
lead                : 3 occurrences
instances           : 1 occurrences
whose               : 5 occurrences
stability           : 2 occurrences
interest            : 4 occurrences
jackson             : 3 occurrences
distributed         : 1 occurrences
prettysee           : 1 occurrences
however             : 5 occurrences
sake                : 1 occurrences
older               : 1 occurrences
spurs               : 3 occurrences
origin              : 1 occurrences
medicine            : 1 occurrences
long                : 5 occurrences
meet                : 1 occurrences
knowledge           : 2 occurrences
khabir              : 4 occurrences
overseas            : 3 occurrences
describing          : 1 occurrences
families            : 8 occurrences
propaganda          : 5 occurrences
wfb                 : 2 occurrences
friendly            : 1 occurrences
administration      : 35 occurrences
gpstanya            : 1 occurrences
language            : 3 occurrences
interesting         : 2 occurrences
hill                : 17 occurrences
income              : 4 occurrences
reason              : 10 occurrences
lawlessnesscheck    : 1 occurrences
disposed            : 1 occurrences
sale                : 8 occurrences
0000                : 1 occurrences
wowwho              : 1 occurrences
istanbul            : 2 occurrences
reelected           : 1 occurrences
remain              : 2 occurrences
discourse           : 1 occurrences
impact              : 1 occurrences
afforded            : 2 occurrences
religions           : 1 occurrences
immediate           : 4 occurrences
warmest             : 2 occurrences
europe              : 2 occurrences
patriotism          : 1 occurrences
desirable           : 1 occurrences
salt                : 1 occurrences
look                : 9 occurrences
definite            : 1 occurrences
during              : 32 occurrences
depose              : 1 occurrences
move                : 3 occurrences
renowned            : 1 occurrences
notion              : 1 occurrences
populus             : 1 occurrences
endorsed            : 1 occurrences
credentialed        : 1 occurrences
elite               : 1 occurrences
clintonuranium      : 2 occurrences
bernie              : 3 occurrences
office              : 21 occurrences
wrongdoing          : 2 occurrences
same                : 12 occurrences
sound               : 2 occurrences
pure                : 1 occurrences
6yearold            : 1 occurrences
utahbased           : 1 occurrences
transfer            : 5 occurrences
appearance          : 1 occurrences
secondclass         : 1 occurrences
jobs                : 1 occurrences
ran                 : 9 occurrences
issuethe            : 1 occurrences
against             : 27 occurrences
reportedly          : 4 occurrences
gpsthe              : 2 occurrences
hina                : 1 occurrences
open                : 12 occurrences
intelligencefinally : 1 occurrences
penalties           : 1 occurrences
rap                 : 1 occurrences
witness             : 6 occurrences
ray                 : 1 occurrences
crossroads          : 1 occurrences
espn2               : 1 occurrences
sitting             : 1 occurrences
soviet              : 1 occurrences
commentvia          : 1 occurrences
night               : 12 occurrences
shine               : 1 occurrences
chosen              : 1 occurrences
territorial         : 1 occurrences
sand                : 3 occurrences
outrage             : 1 occurrences
meit                : 1 occurrences
sang                : 1 occurrences
official16          : 1 occurrences
unearthed           : 1 occurrences
travails            : 1 occurrences
push                : 1 occurrences
hotel               : 2 occurrences
grocery             : 1 occurrences
wowradio            : 1 occurrences
intentional         : 1 occurrences
iraqi               : 1 occurrences
height              : 1 occurrences
customs             : 1 occurrences
field               : 5 occurrences
rican               : 1 occurrences
scalise             : 13 occurrences
ownerthe            : 1 occurrences
headquarters        : 8 occurrences
rumors              : 1 occurrences
wic                 : 1 occurrences
equivalent          : 1 occurrences
fundamentally       : 1 occurrences
blood               : 1 occurrences
segmentbig          : 1 occurrences
laughs              : 1 occurrences
ridiculous          : 1 occurrences
gun                 : 1 occurrences
value               : 2 occurrences
member              : 10 occurrences
tanya               : 1 occurrences
noticed             : 1 occurrences
assessment          : 3 occurrences
win                 : 1 occurrences
criticizing         : 1 occurrences
pushing             : 3 occurrences
2017on              : 1 occurrences
labor               : 1 occurrences
guy                 : 5 occurrences
stonewall           : 1 occurrences
nutritional         : 1 occurrences
jackwagons          : 1 occurrences
hillary             : 48 occurrences
milestone           : 1 occurrences
fanfare             : 1 occurrences
bow                 : 1 occurrences
within              : 7 occurrences
box                 : 4 occurrences
boy                 : 1 occurrences
maryland            : 2 occurrences
singling            : 1 occurrences
opening             : 3 occurrences
color               : 3 occurrences
opposition          : 7 occurrences
purge               : 4 occurrences
insinuated          : 1 occurrences
raid                : 2 occurrences
damning             : 1 occurrences
across              : 8 occurrences
aggression          : 1 occurrences
neighborsthe        : 1 occurrences
devin               : 5 occurrences
civilization        : 1 occurrences
immigrant           : 4 occurrences
okay                : 3 occurrences
exclusive           : 1 occurrences
belowmajority       : 1 occurrences
stark               : 1 occurrences
transit             : 1 occurrences
entry               : 2 occurrences
reported            : 18 occurrences
brotherhood         : 7 occurrences
strzok              : 9 occurrences
bpr                 : 1 occurrences
left                : 11 occurrences
releasedafter       : 1 occurrences
organizations       : 1 occurrences
memo                : 2 occurrences
underway            : 1 occurrences
living              : 2 occurrences
ordered             : 8 occurrences
communication       : 2 occurrences
arms                : 4 occurrences
furious             : 1 occurrences
reporter            : 3 occurrences
constitutional      : 1 occurrences
incentives          : 1 occurrences
lost                : 3 occurrences
loss                : 2 occurrences
pasco               : 1 occurrences
sudden              : 1 occurrences
reforms             : 1 occurrences
red                 : 6 occurrences
beloved             : 1 occurrences
guise               : 1 occurrences
fide                : 1 occurrences
liberated           : 1 occurrences
approachfor         : 1 occurrences
discredit           : 2 occurrences
manhattan           : 1 occurrences
preview             : 1 occurrences
retribution         : 1 occurrences
decades             : 1 occurrences
agree               : 3 occurrences
rep                 : 11 occurrences
dealt               : 1 occurrences
western             : 1 occurrences
uncontrolled        : 2 occurrences
metro               : 1 occurrences
reached             : 4 occurrences
stepped             : 2 occurrences
hire                : 2 occurrences
handling            : 3 occurrences
rex                 : 2 occurrences
rez                 : 1 occurrences
decorum             : 1 occurrences
tested              : 1 occurrences
pursue              : 1 occurrences
wray                : 2 occurrences
alobaisi            : 3 occurrences
hallie              : 1 occurrences
sara                : 1 occurrences
liberty             : 5 occurrences
tremendous          : 1 occurrences
overwhelmingly      : 1 occurrences
phony               : 1 occurrences
revelation          : 3 occurrences
similar             : 2 occurrences
tomorrowif          : 1 occurrences
humanitarian        : 3 occurrences
george              : 5 occurrences
rfl                 : 2 occurrences
billion             : 3 occurrences
confirmed           : 2 occurrences
governmenti         : 1 occurrences
celebrating         : 1 occurrences
much                : 14 occurrences
administrative      : 1 occurrences
reform              : 9 occurrences
charged             : 9 occurrences
republics           : 1 occurrences
gill                : 2 occurrences
pertaining          : 1 occurrences
wishes              : 1 occurrences
mikerin             : 8 occurrences
loudobbs            : 2 occurrences
nuclearenergy       : 1 occurrences
amid                : 1 occurrences
tower               : 10 occurrences
curses              : 1 occurrences
large               : 9 occurrences
never               : 15 occurrences
potusas             : 1 occurrences
congressin          : 1 occurrences
charges             : 3 occurrences
alternate           : 1 occurrences
capacity            : 2 occurrences
controversy         : 7 occurrences
john                : 9 occurrences
reportsshortly      : 3 occurrences
religious           : 1 occurrences
addition            : 1 occurrences
south               : 4 occurrences
cairo               : 1 occurrences
helping             : 4 occurrences
qaeda               : 10 occurrences
love                : 1 occurrences
popovich            : 2 occurrences
unityrepublicans    : 1 occurrences
bully               : 1 occurrences
vehemently          : 2 occurrences
hilarious           : 1 occurrences
marilou             : 2 occurrences
man                 : 13 occurrences
joined              : 1 occurrences
bench               : 1 occurrences
disruptionwow       : 1 occurrences
mounted             : 1 occurrences
poverty             : 2 occurrences
clintonrussia       : 3 occurrences
valuesthat          : 1 occurrences
strengthno          : 1 occurrences
news                : 38 occurrences
video               : 8 occurrences
discreetly          : 1 occurrences
imagine             : 3 occurrences
constitution        : 11 occurrences
security            : 31 occurrences
unarmed             : 1 occurrences
clearly             : 5 occurrences
join                : 2 occurrences
buying              : 1 occurrences
fjsdocument         : 1 occurrences
communism           : 1 occurrences
collusionceo        : 1 occurrences
credible            : 1 occurrences
salute              : 1 occurrences
homes               : 1 occurrences
undifferentiated    : 1 occurrences
african             : 1 occurrences
missions            : 1 occurrences
areas               : 3 occurrences
kelly               : 1 occurrences
better              : 8 occurrences
space               : 1 occurrences
documented          : 1 occurrences
pursuant            : 1 occurrences
communicated        : 2 occurrences
hunger              : 1 occurrences
rand                : 1 occurrences
invaluable          : 1 occurrences
class               : 8 occurrences
september           : 12 occurrences
rang                : 1 occurrences
delay               : 2 occurrences
next                : 2 occurrences
death               : 3 occurrences
pictured            : 2 occurrences
won                 : 9 occurrences
captrump            : 1 occurrences
hezbollah           : 3 occurrences
foundations         : 1 occurrences
operating           : 3 occurrences
aidachavez          : 1 occurrences
dealings            : 4 occurrences
reporting           : 2 occurrences
complicitfarrell    : 1 occurrences
speaking            : 8 occurrences
bus                 : 1 occurrences
favorable           : 2 occurrences
yemen               : 2 occurrences
53yearold           : 1 occurrences
pictures            : 1 occurrences
worldplease         : 1 occurrences
immigrate           : 2 occurrences
russians            : 8 occurrences
community           : 4 occurrences
hotly               : 2 occurrences
buy                 : 2 occurrences
maine               : 1 occurrences
aggressive          : 1 occurrences
complain            : 1 occurrences
potentially         : 2 occurrences
maybe               : 3 occurrences
between             : 16 occurrences
correspondence      : 1 occurrences
whistle             : 1 occurrences
segment             : 2 occurrences
keep                : 3 occurrences
save                : 5 occurrences
request             : 8 occurrences
realdonaldtrump     : 2 occurrences
russiadevin         : 1 occurrences
transparent         : 1 occurrences
showed              : 3 occurrences
mesa                : 1 occurrences
knife               : 1 occurrences
rip                 : 3 occurrences
haley               : 3 occurrences
express             : 1 occurrences
tossing             : 1 occurrences
herdid              : 1 occurrences
catch               : 3 occurrences
2017fox             : 1 occurrences
instance            : 3 occurrences
operation           : 2 occurrences
where               : 28 occurrences
bragged             : 3 occurrences
rant                : 1 occurrences
jeopardy            : 2 occurrences
tactics             : 1 occurrences
peter               : 4 occurrences
affairs             : 2 occurrences
moscow              : 5 occurrences
votebut             : 1 occurrences
documents           : 46 occurrences
interview           : 10 occurrences
mere                : 1 occurrences
although            : 1 occurrences
becoming            : 2 occurrences
sheetread           : 1 occurrences
vancouverbased      : 1 occurrences
opened              : 1 occurrences
female              : 1 occurrences
sobbing             : 6 occurrences
sanders             : 3 occurrences
campaigns           : 2 occurrences
shaykh              : 1 occurrences
friends             : 4 occurrences
farrell             : 2 occurrences
respecting          : 1 occurrences
conditions          : 1 occurrences
indictment          : 3 occurrences
violate             : 2 occurrences
jabari              : 1 occurrences
jabarijyoung        : 1 occurrences
mess                : 1 occurrences
men                 : 7 occurrences
transcript          : 3 occurrences
whiteness           : 1 occurrences
moderated           : 1 occurrences
renewing            : 1 occurrences
numb                : 1 occurrences
met                 : 3 occurrences
having              : 3 occurrences
destroy             : 1 occurrences
detained            : 1 occurrences
unanimously         : 1 occurrences
leader              : 4 occurrences
drive               : 1 occurrences
chemical            : 2 occurrences
reformsfor          : 1 occurrences
stabilizing         : 1 occurrences
conflicts           : 1 occurrences
famine              : 1 occurrences
prevention          : 1 occurrences
choice              : 4 occurrences
shifted             : 1 occurrences
opens               : 1 occurrences
nigeria             : 1 occurrences
entrepreneurs       : 1 occurrences
university          : 2 occurrences
requires            : 2 occurrences
recognizing         : 1 occurrences
effective           : 1 occurrences
confronting         : 1 occurrences
processin           : 1 occurrences
girl                : 1 occurrences
aims                : 1 occurrences
hillaryfriday       : 1 occurrences
quite               : 1 occurrences
hijacked            : 1 occurrences
advance             : 1 occurrences
shock               : 2 occurrences
iranians            : 1 occurrences
panel               : 4 occurrences
egregious           : 1 occurrences
sit                 : 1 occurrences
saying              : 7 occurrences
erosion             : 1 occurrences
councilthe          : 1 occurrences
193                 : 1 occurrences
gather              : 3 occurrences
comprehensive       : 1 occurrences
file                : 5 occurrences
lebanon             : 2 occurrences
realizes            : 1 occurrences
antitrump           : 11 occurrences
leon                : 2 occurrences
photos1             : 1 occurrences
events              : 1 occurrences
subsequently        : 3 occurrences
interpol            : 2 occurrences
politicized         : 1 occurrences
planeloads          : 1 occurrences
says                : 15 occurrences
wfbour              : 1 occurrences
moving              : 2 occurrences
bears               : 1 occurrences
bombshellyesterday  : 1 occurrences
allocate            : 1 occurrences
burden              : 1 occurrences
publicread          : 1 occurrences
fair                : 1 occurrences
detail              : 4 occurrences
sponsored           : 1 occurrences
enjoy               : 4 occurrences
spread              : 2 occurrences
flowed              : 1 occurrences
goal                : 1 occurrences
easily              : 1 occurrences
itmajor             : 1 occurrences
todayaccording      : 1 occurrences
portions            : 1 occurrences
hell                : 1 occurrences
compassionate       : 1 occurrences
fraudthe            : 2 occurrences
powerful            : 1 occurrences
higher              : 3 occurrences
tehran              : 2 occurrences
osborne             : 1 occurrences
mccabethe           : 3 occurrences
truckers            : 1 occurrences
hopeful             : 1 occurrences
totally             : 2 occurrences
recognized          : 1 occurrences
guidance            : 1 occurrences
mistaken            : 1 occurrences
auspices            : 1 occurrences
solve               : 1 occurrences
masterful           : 1 occurrences
vicious             : 1 occurrences
infiltrating        : 1 occurrences
outlets             : 2 occurrences
elements            : 3 occurrences
hearings            : 3 occurrences
pictwittercompxbrcgypwm: 1 occurrences
input               : 4 occurrences
opponentsbut        : 1 occurrences
swingstate          : 1 occurrences
rob                 : 2 occurrences
immunityin          : 1 occurrences
flags               : 11 occurrences
rod                 : 5 occurrences
find                : 5 occurrences
modern              : 2 occurrences
hostile             : 2 occurrences
richmond            : 1 occurrences
agency              : 5 occurrences
meddling            : 1 occurrences
page                : 2 occurrences
conversations       : 2 occurrences
fraudsters          : 2 occurrences
defendants          : 3 occurrences
hearingabc          : 1 occurrences
agenda              : 3 occurrences
rats                : 1 occurrences
worried             : 2 occurrences
hock                : 1 occurrences
thoughts            : 2 occurrences
assist              : 3 occurrences
shouting            : 3 occurrences
sickening           : 1 occurrences
roy                 : 1 occurrences
unsealed            : 1 occurrences
subsidiary          : 2 occurrences
metadata            : 1 occurrences
slip                : 1 occurrences
towns               : 1 occurrences
bankers             : 1 occurrences
infiltration        : 1 occurrences
syndicate           : 1 occurrences
greedy              : 1 occurrences
handful             : 2 occurrences
discovered          : 1 occurrences
listeners           : 1 occurrences
donationsradio      : 1 occurrences
opera               : 1 occurrences
unproven            : 1 occurrences
believes            : 1 occurrences
control             : 14 occurrences
sandersto           : 1 occurrences
liberties           : 1 occurrences
policymaking        : 1 occurrences
give                : 22 occurrences
balancing           : 1 occurrences
covering            : 1 occurrences
writes              : 2 occurrences
funneled            : 1 occurrences
writer              : 1 occurrences
publicnew           : 1 occurrences
prevezon            : 1 occurrences
mystifying          : 1 occurrences
30yearold           : 1 occurrences
wants               : 1 occurrences
create              : 6 occurrences
governmental        : 1 occurrences
border              : 23 occurrences
314a                : 1 occurrences
analyzed            : 1 occurrences
interviewing        : 1 occurrences
businessman         : 2 occurrences
reprocessed         : 1 occurrences
ninemember          : 1 occurrences
obtain              : 1 occurrences
countriesthe        : 1 occurrences
labelled            : 3 occurrences
nuts                : 1 occurrences
timothy             : 1 occurrences
operative           : 2 occurrences
folks               : 1 occurrences
paid                : 11 occurrences
appeared            : 4 occurrences
waiting             : 2 occurrences
judge               : 8 occurrences
place               : 4 occurrences
gaetz               : 5 occurrences
less                : 3 occurrences
others              : 10 occurrences
grassley            : 5 occurrences
2017busted          : 1 occurrences
herreras            : 1 occurrences
bandwagon           : 1 occurrences
paddock             : 3 occurrences
panic               : 1 occurrences
pair                : 1 occurrences
reviews             : 1 occurrences
mowed               : 1 occurrences
application         : 1 occurrences
argued              : 5 occurrences
jeff                : 4 occurrences
failure             : 1 occurrences
meetingread         : 1 occurrences
mepfuller           : 1 occurrences
charitable          : 2 occurrences
lauren              : 1 occurrences
companyshe          : 1 occurrences
candidate           : 2 occurrences
stabbed             : 2 occurrences
generation          : 1 occurrences
experts             : 1 occurrences
extremist           : 1 occurrences
desperationradio    : 1 occurrences
hey                 : 4 occurrences
argues              : 1 occurrences
anybody             : 2 occurrences
baltimore           : 2 occurrences
exchanging          : 1 occurrences
reports             : 10 occurrences
dollarsthe          : 1 occurrences
andor               : 5 occurrences
spewed              : 2 occurrences
wednesdaymccabe     : 3 occurrences
democrat            : 3 occurrences
expansion           : 2 occurrences
campaign            : 23 occurrences
number              : 13 occurrences
music               : 1 occurrences
william             : 1 occurrences
believe             : 3 occurrences
meanwhile           : 2 occurrences
immunity            : 1 occurrences
didn                : 9 occurrences
weapons             : 10 occurrences
produce             : 1 occurrences
bravo               : 1 occurrences
points              : 6 occurrences
bullet              : 2 occurrences
including           : 10 occurrences
middleamericans     : 1 occurrences
fire                : 6 occurrences
ambitionsthe        : 1 occurrences
reassigned          : 2 occurrences
campaigning         : 2 occurrences
authorities         : 4 occurrences
knowingly           : 4 occurrences
inducements         : 1 occurrences
firm                : 19 occurrences
product             : 1 occurrences
attack              : 7 occurrences
rogers              : 1 occurrences
bless               : 3 occurrences
performing          : 1 occurrences
inside              : 8 occurrences
horrific            : 2 occurrences
issuing             : 1 occurrences
kickbacks           : 5 occurrences
familiespolice      : 1 occurrences
probethe            : 1 occurrences
continuesaudiovideo : 1 occurrences
storage             : 1 occurrences
spann               : 1 occurrences
understands         : 2 occurrences
pleading            : 2 occurrences
larger              : 2 occurrences
disrespectful       : 1 occurrences
fisa                : 2 occurrences
raviinder           : 1 occurrences
flake               : 4 occurrences
further             : 4 occurrences
governmentali       : 1 occurrences
conservative        : 3 occurrences
involved            : 14 occurrences
can                 : 35 occurrences
penalty             : 8 occurrences
telling             : 2 occurrences
actsimpson          : 1 occurrences
car                 : 3 occurrences
ballistic           : 2 occurrences
spouses             : 1 occurrences
slammed             : 1 occurrences
donors              : 1 occurrences
showon              : 1 occurrences
demanded            : 2 occurrences
accomplished        : 1 occurrences
waited              : 2 occurrences
service             : 5 occurrences
involves            : 1 occurrences
flores              : 1 occurrences
kramer              : 5 occurrences
relatively          : 2 occurrences
remainder           : 1 occurrences
palm                : 1 occurrences
devastating         : 2 occurrences
pictwittercomehkqfyewdk: 3 occurrences
tanning             : 1 occurrences
shooters            : 1 occurrences
adding              : 1 occurrences
partial             : 1 occurrences
judged              : 1 occurrences
hosted              : 1 occurrences
attempts            : 1 occurrences
edge                : 1 occurrences
kept                : 4 occurrences
extend              : 1 occurrences
relayed             : 1 occurrences
mob                 : 1 occurrences
sending             : 4 occurrences
run                 : 7 occurrences
back2               : 1 occurrences
defended            : 4 occurrences
cbs                 : 2 occurrences
highly              : 2 occurrences
messages            : 3 occurrences
judges              : 1 occurrences
congress            : 18 occurrences
hid                 : 2 occurrences
millionaires        : 3 occurrences
communications      : 3 occurrences
accessing           : 1 occurrences
places              : 1 occurrences
center              : 3 occurrences
prosecutors         : 5 occurrences
realjack            : 1 occurrences
mom                 : 1 occurrences
deliberate          : 2 occurrences
killed              : 4 occurrences
virginia            : 6 occurrences
millions            : 14 occurrences
under               : 27 occurrences
series              : 1 occurrences
oval                : 1 occurrences
hit                 : 2 occurrences
transportation      : 2 occurrences
attempt             : 3 occurrences
assistant           : 7 occurrences
doing               : 15 occurrences
energy              : 7 occurrences
votingcalls         : 1 occurrences
staking             : 1 occurrences
undermine           : 3 occurrences
revealed            : 5 occurrences
treasury            : 1 occurrences
tacticsa            : 1 occurrences
wisconsin           : 2 occurrences
american            : 45 occurrences
review              : 4 occurrences
remaining           : 4 occurrences
f787                : 1 occurrences
5707                : 1 occurrences
governmentvia       : 1 occurrences
usour               : 1 occurrences
converting          : 1 occurrences
hungry              : 1 occurrences
must                : 16 occurrences
onduty              : 1 occurrences
jssrc               : 1 occurrences
hip                 : 1 occurrences
junejuly            : 1 occurrences
directed            : 1 occurrences
relying             : 1 occurrences
praying             : 3 occurrences
manafortveselnitskaya: 1 occurrences
five                : 5 occurrences
instagram           : 1 occurrences
deadlines           : 1 occurrences
climate             : 1 occurrences
informationso       : 1 occurrences
imposed             : 1 occurrences
mayor               : 7 occurrences
pigmentation        : 1 occurrences
delegates           : 1 occurrences
impossible          : 1 occurrences
explains            : 1 occurrences
tilted              : 1 occurrences
diverse             : 4 occurrences
nation              : 9 occurrences
flourish            : 1 occurrences
unbiased            : 1 occurrences
safety              : 3 occurrences
breaking            : 4 occurrences
timeless            : 1 occurrences
valuesas            : 1 occurrences
elevating           : 1 occurrences
being               : 35 occurrences
secure              : 2 occurrences
beaches             : 1 occurrences
racismthe           : 1 occurrences
early               : 6 occurrences
unclear             : 2 occurrences
tuesday             : 8 occurrences
contested           : 2 occurrences
comes               : 3 occurrences
watch               : 29 occurrences
longer              : 3 occurrences
fleecing            : 1 occurrences
considered          : 1 occurrences
dispute             : 1 occurrences
comey               : 13 occurrences
apparently          : 2 occurrences
weeks               : 5 occurrences
hold                : 5 occurrences
campbellcongressional: 1 occurrences
ceo                 : 3 occurrences
hole                : 1 occurrences
handled             : 4 occurrences
looking             : 3 occurrences
goes                : 2 occurrences
bloated             : 1 occurrences
gateway             : 1 occurrences
stonewalled         : 1 occurrences
friendship          : 2 occurrences
civil               : 4 occurrences
isgur               : 1 occurrences
countrythis         : 1 occurrences
mrs                 : 5 occurrences
carter              : 1 occurrences
israel              : 2 occurrences
former              : 44 occurrences
foxnews             : 4 occurrences
bakerhostetler      : 2 occurrences
holy                : 1 occurrences
hedgebreaking       : 1 occurrences
attempted           : 3 occurrences
caseliberalleaning  : 1 occurrences
senators            : 2 occurrences
savings             : 2 occurrences
86f7                : 1 occurrences
bottom              : 3 occurrences
2015that            : 1 occurrences
standard            : 3 occurrences
exodus              : 1 occurrences
people              : 121 occurrences
home                : 10 occurrences
julian              : 4 occurrences
gavejackson         : 1 occurrences
5736                : 1 occurrences
parties             : 2 occurrences
2009thenattorney    : 1 occurrences
coming              : 2 occurrences
union               : 2 occurrences
recorded            : 2 occurrences
became              : 2 occurrences
reoffendthe         : 1 occurrences
prison              : 6 occurrences
dirty               : 4 occurrences
account             : 4 occurrences
dressed             : 1 occurrences
chair               : 2 occurrences
head                : 3 occurrences
himself             : 5 occurrences
thank               : 9 occurrences
intercept           : 1 occurrences
friend              : 2 occurrences
ensures             : 1 occurrences
playing             : 2 occurrences
operated            : 1 occurrences
wrotefbi            : 3 occurrences
terminal            : 1 occurrences
anything            : 14 occurrences
chicago             : 2 occurrences
corporationsome     : 1 occurrences
instead             : 3 occurrences
hear                : 3 occurrences
water               : 4 occurrences
proceedings         : 1 occurrences
record              : 6 occurrences
directly            : 1 occurrences
blunt               : 1 occurrences
park                : 1 occurrences
collaboration       : 1 occurrences
fivemonth           : 1 occurrences
purpose             : 1 occurrences
logelectronic       : 1 occurrences
watchseanhannity    : 1 occurrences
sexual              : 1 occurrences
part                : 20 occurrences
indicating          : 1 occurrences
illgotten           : 1 occurrences
massacrepaddock     : 1 occurrences
crowdvideo          : 1 occurrences
nights              : 1 occurrences
pledge              : 5 occurrences
juan                : 2 occurrences
officialkramer      : 1 occurrences
electronic          : 4 occurrences
deputy              : 10 occurrences
stampsthis          : 1 occurrences
meeting             : 22 occurrences
rings               : 2 occurrences
condolences         : 2 occurrences
xbt                 : 1 occurrences
judiciary           : 6 occurrences
faith               : 1 occurrences
leftist             : 2 occurrences
because             : 33 occurrences
visible             : 1 occurrences
nonbinding          : 1 occurrences
afterward           : 1 occurrences
thinking            : 1 occurrences
related             : 10 occurrences
nearing             : 1 occurrences
minister            : 5 occurrences
paso                : 4 occurrences
yearbringing        : 1 occurrences
youyou              : 1 occurrences
osama               : 3 occurrences
18000               : 1 occurrences
cia                 : 4 occurrences
hysterical          : 1 occurrences
11420131            : 1 occurrences
pass                : 6 occurrences
past                : 5 occurrences
berniegood          : 1 occurrences
plan                : 23 occurrences
detention           : 1 occurrences
pointofsale         : 3 occurrences
short               : 2 occurrences
hot                 : 1 occurrences
answers             : 1 occurrences
municipal           : 1 occurrences
how                 : 41 occurrences
concertgoers        : 1 occurrences
shrinks             : 1 occurrences
retailers           : 2 occurrences
clintonthe          : 1 occurrences
plane               : 3 occurrences
shaking             : 1 occurrences
play                : 1 occurrences
iowa                : 2 occurrences
simpson             : 10 occurrences
located             : 3 occurrences
viruses             : 1 occurrences
forfeit             : 1 occurrences
rounds              : 1 occurrences
aware               : 2 occurrences
protocol            : 1 occurrences
heartbreaking       : 1 occurrences
mud                 : 1 occurrences
plans               : 4 occurrences
firsts              : 1 occurrences
whip                : 3 occurrences
2017remember        : 1 occurrences
answer              : 6 occurrences
nflonfox            : 2 occurrences
doubtful            : 1 occurrences
public              : 19 occurrences
adviser             : 3 occurrences
development         : 1 occurrences
director            : 28 occurrences
based               : 9 occurrences
sleeping            : 1 occurrences
5774                : 1 occurrences
mccabefbiclinton    : 1 occurrences
dossierthis         : 1 occurrences
interference        : 2 occurrences
organizationvia     : 1 occurrences
browderadding       : 1 occurrences
released            : 28 occurrences
elsewhere           : 2 occurrences
reduce              : 1 occurrences
paul                : 6 occurrences
bias                : 2 occurrences
hoping              : 1 occurrences
localities          : 1 occurrences
trek                : 1 occurrences
staggering          : 1 occurrences
trauma              : 1 occurrences
miami               : 3 occurrences
yards               : 1 occurrences
production          : 1 occurrences
hope                : 2 occurrences
composition         : 1 occurrences
rewrite             : 1 occurrences
feels               : 1 occurrences
releases            : 2 occurrences
comment             : 5 occurrences
asked               : 11 occurrences
process             : 4 occurrences
shots               : 2 occurrences
chimps              : 2 occurrences
clapper             : 2 occurrences
testament           : 1 occurrences
framework           : 1 occurrences
pitiful             : 1 occurrences
expected            : 7 occurrences
curing              : 1 occurrences
fraudmohammad       : 1 occurrences
exploit             : 1 occurrences
passions            : 1 occurrences
mcclatchyit         : 1 occurrences
exwall              : 1 occurrences
overseasour         : 1 occurrences
affiliation         : 2 occurrences
breitbart           : 3 occurrences
acts                : 1 occurrences
heights             : 1 occurrences
david               : 4 occurrences
offduty             : 1 occurrences
responds            : 1 occurrences
dedicated           : 2 occurrences
students            : 5 occurrences
governmenton        : 1 occurrences
gathered            : 4 occurrences
whatever            : 1 occurrences
infiltrated         : 2 occurrences
turned              : 3 occurrences
infant              : 1 occurrences
chant               : 2 occurrences
mining              : 1 occurrences
uphold              : 2 occurrences
asia                : 2 occurrences
golf                : 1 occurrences
davis               : 1 occurrences
humanityauthority   : 1 occurrences
ensure              : 3 occurrences
statedhis           : 1 occurrences
words               : 2 occurrences
msnbc               : 3 occurrences
earth               : 3 occurrences
divided             : 1 occurrences
unity               : 1 occurrences
elsebut             : 1 occurrences
jungles             : 1 occurrences
path                : 2 occurrences
without             : 9 occurrences
plea                : 5 occurrences
girlfriend          : 1 occurrences
snapfood            : 1 occurrences
serving             : 6 occurrences
expect              : 2 occurrences
funds               : 2 occurrences
accelerated         : 1 occurrences
host                : 4 occurrences
chargedthe          : 1 occurrences
purportedly         : 1 occurrences
tightly             : 1 occurrences
chaos               : 2 occurrences
scourge             : 1 occurrences
agents              : 8 occurrences
whom                : 1 occurrences
belowthe            : 1 occurrences
impeachmenta        : 1 occurrences
100                 : 2 occurrences
citizens            : 13 occurrences
103                 : 1 occurrences
104                 : 1 occurrences
debated             : 1 occurrences
intrusive           : 1 occurrences
san                 : 6 occurrences
download            : 3 occurrences
stopping            : 3 occurrences
fanning             : 1 occurrences
paralyzed           : 3 occurrences
made                : 34 occurrences
legally             : 1 occurrences
location            : 2 occurrences
dire                : 1 occurrences
saw                 : 6 occurrences
debates             : 1 occurrences
say                 : 24 occurrences
trained             : 1 occurrences
proportional        : 1 occurrences
embrace             : 1 occurrences
institutions        : 1 occurrences
righteous           : 1 occurrences
nominee             : 2 occurrences
settlement          : 1 occurrences
weekslong           : 1 occurrences
greenlighted        : 1 occurrences
mouths              : 1 occurrences
shows               : 8 occurrences
gone                : 3 occurrences
dirt                : 3 occurrences
sayswatch           : 1 occurrences
saving              : 1 occurrences
cnn                 : 1 occurrences
basic               : 3 occurrences
onesevery           : 1 occurrences
jobless             : 1 occurrences
guidelines          : 2 occurrences
cns                 : 1 occurrences
borderas            : 1 occurrences
woman               : 7 occurrences
theories            : 1 occurrences
throat              : 1 occurrences
andy                : 4 occurrences
basis               : 4 occurrences
mocked              : 1 occurrences
bribes              : 1 occurrences
settled             : 1 occurrences
responsive          : 1 occurrences
toensing            : 19 occurrences
abroad              : 1 occurrences
trip                : 4 occurrences
lesser              : 1 occurrences
slipped             : 1 occurrences
hour                : 2 occurrences
parked              : 1 occurrences
20000               : 2 occurrences
changes             : 1 occurrences
possibletruepunditcom: 1 occurrences
good                : 7 occurrences
staffers            : 1 occurrences
fourpage            : 1 occurrences
shown               : 2 occurrences
administrationbreaking: 2 occurrences
gonna               : 1 occurrences
trick               : 1 occurrences
hearing             : 8 occurrences
2008prior           : 1 occurrences
little              : 4 occurrences
listen              : 2 occurrences
rather              : 5 occurrences
spreadsheet         : 1 occurrences
loved               : 2 occurrences
heaven              : 2 occurrences
heinous             : 1 occurrences
cop                 : 2 occurrences
backed              : 2 occurrences
japan               : 4 occurrences
newsclayton         : 1 occurrences
foia                : 6 occurrences
brilliant           : 1 occurrences
name                : 4 occurrences
brothers            : 1 occurrences
platt               : 1 occurrences
board               : 3 occurrences
battles             : 2 occurrences
plate               : 1 occurrences
changed             : 2 occurrences
wealthy             : 2 occurrences
separate            : 5 occurrences
overreaching        : 1 occurrences
teach               : 1 occurrences
oath                : 1 occurrences
thencandidate       : 1 occurrences
unresponsive        : 1 occurrences
lunatics            : 1 occurrences
earful              : 1 occurrences
force               : 1 occurrences
lurid               : 1 occurrences
facing              : 1 occurrences
maga                : 1 occurrences
aspire              : 1 occurrences
triumph             : 1 occurrences
13yearold           : 1 occurrences
pursuit             : 2 occurrences
redeemed            : 2 occurrences
afternoon           : 1 occurrences
recent              : 8 occurrences
backwardsjapan      : 1 occurrences
connections         : 5 occurrences
arizona             : 5 occurrences
schweizer           : 2 occurrences
canadian            : 5 occurrences
breaks              : 1 occurrences
socialist           : 1 occurrences
funding             : 3 occurrences
woodwork            : 2 occurrences
putting             : 2 occurrences
6a7a                : 1 occurrences
writing             : 1 occurrences
tried               : 3 occurrences
see                 : 24 occurrences
kennedyor           : 1 occurrences
compact             : 3 occurrences
2000s               : 1 occurrences
yulin               : 4 occurrences
july                : 6 occurrences
constantly          : 1 occurrences
trevor              : 1 occurrences
145                 : 3 occurrences
sen                 : 8 occurrences
power               : 13 occurrences
teamnbc             : 1 occurrences
tolerate            : 2 occurrences
bethe               : 1 occurrences
girls               : 1 occurrences
set                 : 7 occurrences
hollowingout        : 2 occurrences
cannot              : 18 occurrences
disruption          : 1 occurrences
completing          : 1 occurrences
aristocraticthe     : 1 occurrences
appeal              : 2 occurrences
chanting            : 1 occurrences
numerous            : 2 occurrences
explore             : 1 occurrences
prosperity          : 5 occurrences
appear              : 3 occurrences
actions             : 5 occurrences
districtsfinally    : 1 occurrences
held                : 2 occurrences
forced              : 3 occurrences
expects             : 1 occurrences
gore                : 2 occurrences
loyalty             : 1 occurrences
guaynaboradio       : 1 occurrences
pictwittercomay3kyv3ujl: 1 occurrences
intelligence        : 14 occurrences
appreciate          : 2 occurrences
help                : 19 occurrences
works               : 1 occurrences
murmurs             : 1 occurrences
getting             : 3 occurrences
majoritarian        : 1 occurrences
women               : 10 occurrences
investigatorsthe    : 1 occurrences
young               : 6 occurrences
alexandria          : 3 occurrences
june                : 10 occurrences
forces              : 5 occurrences
singapore           : 1 occurrences
fd302               : 1 occurrences
64yearold           : 1 occurrences
breached            : 1 occurrences
mail                : 1 occurrences
main                : 5 occurrences
world               : 25 occurrences
worktabloid         : 1 occurrences
completion          : 1 occurrences
audience            : 3 occurrences
until               : 4 occurrences
small               : 19 occurrences
diplomacy           : 1 occurrences
combination         : 1 occurrences
taxpayer            : 3 occurrences
trumpbad            : 1 occurrences
concerning          : 3 occurrences
loans               : 2 occurrences
paragraph           : 1 occurrences
bonfire             : 1 occurrences
tight               : 1 occurrences
rayburn             : 1 occurrences
noted               : 5 occurrences
gunshots            : 2 occurrences
meetings            : 1 occurrences
lack                : 1 occurrences
define              : 1 occurrences
terrorism           : 4 occurrences
injuriesaccording   : 1 occurrences
wenstrup            : 1 occurrences
brushing            : 1 occurrences
original            : 5 occurrences
growth              : 1 occurrences
breakthroughs       : 1 occurrences
terrorist           : 8 occurrences
additional          : 2 occurrences
sovereign           : 10 occurrences
twenty              : 1 occurrences
harmony             : 2 occurrences
devotion            : 1 occurrences
extramarital        : 1 occurrences
pompeo              : 1 occurrences
sea                 : 1 occurrences
oppression          : 1 occurrences
she                 : 36 occurrences
approximately       : 1 occurrences
170                 : 1 occurrences
motivepresident     : 1 occurrences
steelefinally       : 1 occurrences
nba                 : 1 occurrences
divulge             : 1 occurrences
nbc                 : 1 occurrences
espousing           : 1 occurrences
financially         : 1 occurrences
together            : 10 occurrences
disclosed           : 1 occurrences
untold              : 2 occurrences
effects             : 1 occurrences
make                : 20 occurrences
sht                 : 1 occurrences
missiles            : 2 occurrences
gotten              : 1 occurrences
nara                : 1 occurrences
author              : 6 occurrences
wheelchairs         : 2 occurrences
remember            : 3 occurrences
lynch               : 10 occurrences
hopes               : 3 occurrences
stamps              : 5 occurrences
theremuslim         : 1 occurrences
plays               : 1 occurrences
sia                 : 1 occurrences
fear                : 2 occurrences
thenassistant       : 1 occurrences
scandalvia          : 1 occurrences
castigated          : 1 occurrences
sensitivity         : 1 occurrences
tweet               : 1 occurrences
francois            : 2 occurrences
sic                 : 1 occurrences
hourlong            : 1 occurrences
casein              : 1 occurrences
permanent           : 1 occurrences
bill                : 22 occurrences
miles               : 3 occurrences
concealed           : 1 occurrences
going               : 27 occurrences
cut                 : 6 occurrences
commentmikerin      : 1 occurrences
father              : 2 occurrences
collusion           : 5 occurrences
black               : 1 occurrences
male                : 1 occurrences
planet              : 2 occurrences
six                 : 1 occurrences
incident            : 5 occurrences
fitton              : 1 occurrences
avoiding            : 1 occurrences
food                : 43 occurrences
checked             : 1 occurrences
letters             : 1 occurrences
commodity           : 1 occurrences
zahran              : 2 occurrences
editoratlarge       : 2 occurrences
conference          : 2 occurrences
hannity             : 11 occurrences
currently           : 1 occurrences
carrying            : 2 occurrences
narrowly            : 1 occurrences
regular             : 1 occurrences
speechfunctiond     : 1 occurrences
nda                 : 6 occurrences
commencing          : 1 occurrences
nonrecords          : 1 occurrences
cries               : 1 occurrences
object              : 1 occurrences
anthem              : 8 occurrences
oversight           : 1 occurrences
football            : 3 occurrences
intelligencebut     : 1 occurrences
unleashedwe         : 1 occurrences
safeeyewitness      : 1 occurrences
alliances           : 1 occurrences
imperils            : 1 occurrences
willing             : 1 occurrences
belongsin           : 1 occurrences
prosperitythe       : 1 occurrences
symbols             : 1 occurrences
computing           : 1 occurrences
150                 : 1 occurrences
adopting            : 1 occurrences
hardhitting         : 1 occurrences
pedestrians         : 2 occurrences
uraniumwhen         : 1 occurrences
rough               : 2 occurrences
finding             : 1 occurrences
2000some            : 1 occurrences
qualities           : 1 occurrences
city                : 5 occurrences
running             : 3 occurrences
showthey            : 1 occurrences
plot                : 6 occurrences
major               : 8 occurrences
jeddah              : 1 occurrences
among               : 7 occurrences
them                : 20 occurrences
2017victoria        : 1 occurrences
relatives           : 1 occurrences
sympathies          : 2 occurrences
firstgrade          : 1 occurrences
monarch             : 1 occurrences
aides               : 1 occurrences
requested           : 1 occurrences
disregard           : 1 occurrences
godin               : 1 occurrences
guess               : 1 occurrences
happening           : 2 occurrences
sky                 : 4 occurrences
conspiring          : 1 occurrences
subjects            : 1 occurrences
clockiran           : 1 occurrences
unanimous           : 1 occurrences
nuclear             : 26 occurrences
feds                : 1 occurrences
new                 : 36 occurrences
here                : 18 occurrences
ruled               : 2 occurrences
departmentfarrell   : 1 occurrences
involvedbut         : 1 occurrences
isolate             : 1 occurrences
9122017             : 1 occurrences
career              : 3 occurrences
critics             : 1 occurrences
culture             : 3 occurrences
ricans              : 2 occurrences
openly              : 1 occurrences
roomthe             : 1 occurrences
appearing           : 1 occurrences
committees          : 5 occurrences
population          : 2 occurrences
excitement          : 1 occurrences
lucrative           : 1 occurrences
rules               : 3 occurrences
alteen              : 2 occurrences
nfl                 : 8 occurrences
nothing             : 9 occurrences
thencampaign        : 1 occurrences
lunchthe            : 1 occurrences
proper              : 2 occurrences
lashed              : 1 occurrences
assumptions         : 1 occurrences
hardly              : 2 occurrences
obstruct            : 1 occurrences
fees                : 3 occurrences
feet                : 2 occurrences
statement           : 7 occurrences
walked              : 3 occurrences
compiled            : 3 occurrences
monitored           : 2 occurrences
huge                : 7 occurrences
form                : 2 occurrences
conduct             : 1 occurrences
buzzfeeddid         : 1 occurrences
comeypeter          : 1 occurrences
laid                : 2 occurrences
witnesses           : 2 occurrences
smart               : 1 occurrences
determine           : 2 occurrences
decision            : 14 occurrences
infiltrate          : 1 occurrences
presidency          : 2 occurrences
forms               : 2 occurrences
pocketed            : 1 occurrences
follow              : 5 occurrences
fort                : 1 occurrences
witnessed           : 1 occurrences
yemenis             : 1 occurrences
included1           : 1 occurrences
published           : 4 occurrences
assembly            : 4 occurrences
battle              : 1 occurrences
does                : 9 occurrences
finance             : 5 occurrences
unhinged            : 1 occurrences
worse               : 5 occurrences
great               : 9 occurrences
dgetelementbyidid   : 1 occurrences
puerto              : 11 occurrences
williams            : 1 occurrences
feel                : 3 occurrences
jones               : 2 occurrences
mayors              : 1 occurrences
gavel               : 1 occurrences
newly               : 2 occurrences
pluralsight         : 1 occurrences
written             : 3 occurrences
citizen             : 3 occurrences
subpoenaed          : 3 occurrences
response            : 6 occurrences
earning             : 3 occurrences
paragraphsthis      : 1 occurrences
vehicle             : 2 occurrences
true                : 3 occurrences
megawatts           : 1 occurrences
uncoveredon         : 1 occurrences
parade              : 1 occurrences
adds                : 1 occurrences
julyit              : 1 occurrences
operations          : 3 occurrences
assault             : 1 occurrences
leading             : 1 occurrences
santa               : 2 occurrences
general             : 30 occurrences
flight              : 1 occurrences
worst               : 2 occurrences
teams               : 1 occurrences
rariz               : 1 occurrences
deliberation        : 1 occurrences
worth               : 4 occurrences
substantiate        : 1 occurrences
amazing             : 1 occurrences
departmentdemocratic: 1 occurrences
pictwittercommkblh7ilq0: 1 occurrences
threat              : 1 occurrences
kneel               : 1 occurrences
louder              : 1 occurrences
exists              : 1 occurrences
lake                : 1 occurrences
obamaadministration : 1 occurrences
addressed           : 1 occurrences
grifters            : 7 occurrences
son                 : 5 occurrences
thisthe             : 1 occurrences
disclose            : 1 occurrences
6804                : 1 occurrences
hours               : 6 occurrences
permission          : 1 occurrences
adapted             : 1 occurrences
steroids            : 1 occurrences
ice                 : 1 occurrences
solving             : 1 occurrences
sorted              : 1 occurrences
surprising          : 1 occurrences
richard             : 1 occurrences
dogs                : 1 occurrences
examples            : 3 occurrences
dubious             : 1 occurrences
dangers             : 2 occurrences
rosentstein         : 1 occurrences
reopened            : 1 occurrences
chamber             : 1 occurrences
system              : 17 occurrences
house               : 34 occurrences
overwhelming        : 1 occurrences
drugs               : 1 occurrences
recovery            : 1 occurrences
terrorthe           : 1 occurrences
company             : 9 occurrences
four                : 10 occurrences
confidentiality     : 1 occurrences
mills               : 1 occurrences
arefbi              : 1 occurrences
megatons            : 2 occurrences
enough              : 3 occurrences
printed             : 1 occurrences
convicted           : 1 occurrences
nonrecord           : 3 occurrences
lawyers             : 11 occurrences
allowed             : 7 occurrences
hereof              : 1 occurrences
reviewing           : 1 occurrences
organ               : 1 occurrences
spy                 : 11 occurrences
weekboth            : 1 occurrences
protecting          : 1 occurrences
certainly           : 2 occurrences
6813                : 1 occurrences
resilient           : 1 occurrences
confederate         : 1 occurrences
violence            : 3 occurrences
mass                : 3 occurrences
wicked              : 1 occurrences
covered             : 2 occurrences
tutor               : 1 occurrences
bite                : 1 occurrences
referred            : 3 occurrences
plus                : 1 occurrences
hopefully           : 1 occurrences
longestsuffering    : 1 occurrences
neighbors           : 2 occurrences
subpoenahe          : 1 occurrences
complacency         : 1 occurrences
shore               : 1 occurrences
satellite           : 1 occurrences
bader               : 2 occurrences
dishes              : 1 occurrences
shoot               : 1 occurrences
roots               : 1 occurrences
harsh               : 1 occurrences
roughly             : 3 occurrences
decide              : 1 occurrences
extremely           : 1 occurrences
crime               : 6 occurrences
onefifth            : 1 occurrences
shed                : 3 occurrences
december            : 2 occurrences
round               : 1 occurrences
husband             : 2 occurrences
captured            : 2 occurrences
shrink              : 1 occurrences
department          : 68 occurrences
protection          : 1 occurrences
matt                : 3 occurrences
along               : 3 occurrences
towards             : 1 occurrences
alone               : 1 occurrences
airporton           : 1 occurrences
bentel              : 1 occurrences
meantime            : 1 occurrences
foreignrun          : 1 occurrences
infidel             : 1 occurrences
attorneys           : 2 occurrences
bursts              : 1 occurrences
attending           : 1 occurrences
underestimate       : 2 occurrences
analyzing           : 1 occurrences
display             : 1 occurrences
quest               : 1 occurrences
maximize            : 1 occurrences
history             : 17 occurrences
hamilton            : 2 occurrences
might               : 4 occurrences
helicopter          : 1 occurrences
injured             : 1 occurrences
mueller             : 20 occurrences
math                : 1 occurrences
victorious          : 1 occurrences
warmbier            : 1 occurrences
unanswered          : 2 occurrences
doit                : 1 occurrences
extremism           : 1 occurrences
huma                : 1 occurrences
intervened          : 1 occurrences
badge               : 1 occurrences
distinguished       : 1 occurrences
obtaining           : 2 occurrences
code                : 3 occurrences
pounding            : 1 occurrences
earlier             : 9 occurrences
clintonlynch        : 3 occurrences
replacement         : 1 occurrences
computer            : 3 occurrences
sinister            : 1 occurrences
expose              : 1 occurrences
learning            : 2 occurrences
information3        : 1 occurrences
unrestrained        : 1 occurrences
romantic            : 1 occurrences
hospitalized        : 1 occurrences
august              : 7 occurrences
benghazi            : 4 occurrences
architecture        : 1 occurrences
facebookjssdkdnc    : 1 occurrences
forth               : 1 occurrences
mostly              : 3 occurrences
amount              : 8 occurrences
mistress            : 1 occurrences
asassination        : 1 occurrences
gregg               : 1 occurrences
particular          : 2 occurrences
uncover             : 1 occurrences
conan               : 2 occurrences
felt                : 2 occurrences
cameras             : 3 occurrences
february            : 2 occurrences
apple               : 1 occurrences
investigationrobert : 1 occurrences
affecting           : 1 occurrences
ordervictoria       : 3 occurrences
reporters           : 5 occurrences
filed               : 4 occurrences
farmers             : 1 occurrences
a737                : 1 occurrences
fema                : 1 occurrences
dole                : 2 occurrences
scam                : 3 occurrences
morethese           : 1 occurrences
missilesthe         : 1 occurrences
personal            : 11 occurrences
mutually            : 1 occurrences
reemergence         : 1 occurrences
known               : 12 occurrences
day                 : 10 occurrences
hunt                : 3 occurrences
often               : 8 occurrences
taken               : 5 occurrences
knows               : 6 occurrences
files               : 11 occurrences
subpoenas           : 3 occurrences
kicked              : 1 occurrences
protester           : 6 occurrences
officers            : 4 occurrences
takes               : 3 occurrences
jack                : 3 occurrences
videos              : 2 occurrences
succeeded           : 1 occurrences
centers             : 2 occurrences
concrete            : 1 occurrences
kicker              : 1 occurrences
50000               : 1 occurrences
principally         : 1 occurrences
group               : 12 occurrences
include             : 1 occurrences
schemecase          : 1 occurrences
hardearned          : 1 occurrences
immigration         : 2 occurrences
kremlinlinked       : 1 occurrences
unbelievable        : 1 occurrences
stopgap             : 1 occurrences
gets                : 4 occurrences
gasoline            : 1 occurrences
apply               : 2 occurrences
training            : 2 occurrences
usda                : 2 occurrences
middleaged          : 1 occurrences
non                 : 1 occurrences
average             : 1 occurrences
maintained          : 1 occurrences
privately           : 1 occurrences
nor                 : 4 occurrences
convention          : 1 occurrences
versions            : 1 occurrences
concerns            : 3 occurrences
nov                 : 3 occurrences
now                 : 34 occurrences
choose              : 2 occurrences
karen               : 1 occurrences
dead                : 1 occurrences
proposal            : 5 occurrences
involvement         : 2 occurrences
deal                : 27 occurrences
robert              : 7 occurrences
travel              : 5 occurrences
capitalhaley        : 1 occurrences
retailer            : 1 occurrences
pray                : 5 occurrences
done                : 3 occurrences
politicizing        : 1 occurrences
senatemueller       : 1 occurrences
hussein             : 1 occurrences
knelt               : 1 occurrences
invest              : 1 occurrences
concern             : 3 occurrences
launch              : 2 occurrences
keythe              : 1 occurrences
suffer              : 1 occurrences
cherish             : 1 occurrences
used                : 19 occurrences
concert             : 5 occurrences
votefollowing       : 1 occurrences
serviced            : 1 occurrences
wife                : 7 occurrences
dont                : 1 occurrences
routed              : 3 occurrences
partnership         : 2 occurrences
rampant             : 2 occurrences
informant           : 31 occurrences
condo               : 1 occurrences
usdepartment        : 1 occurrences
withholding         : 1 occurrences
noone               : 1 occurrences
wisdom              : 1 occurrences
campbell            : 3 occurrences
holder              : 4 occurrences
5investigation      : 1 occurrences
summaryhere         : 1 occurrences
politicians         : 3 occurrences
archives            : 3 occurrences
destiny             : 1 occurrences
restricted          : 3 occurrences
cousins             : 1 occurrences
battlefields        : 1 occurrences
confront            : 6 occurrences
banned              : 2 occurrences
havens              : 1 occurrences
doom                : 1 occurrences
elections           : 2 occurrences
playremember        : 1 occurrences
blocked             : 4 occurrences
couldn              : 1 occurrences
last                : 24 occurrences
investigatorsa      : 1 occurrences
toward              : 5 occurrences
exchanged           : 3 occurrences
dec                 : 3 occurrences
diplomats           : 1 occurrences
eliminating         : 1 occurrences
federalist          : 3 occurrences
supported           : 1 occurrences
reacted             : 1 occurrences
laden               : 9 occurrences
plants              : 2 occurrences
route               : 4 occurrences
bitterness          : 1 occurrences
paging              : 1 occurrences
dem                 : 1 occurrences
late                : 9 occurrences
basically           : 2 occurrences
buzzfeedthe         : 1 occurrences
activitieselectronic: 1 occurrences
happened            : 2 occurrences
solomon             : 2 occurrences
supporter           : 2 occurrences
reveal              : 1 occurrences
grateful            : 1 occurrences
thru                : 2 occurrences
hurt                : 2 occurrences
deck                : 1 occurrences
6330                : 1 occurrences
circa               : 1 occurrences
hurricane           : 1 occurrences
surgeon             : 1 occurrences
associate           : 6 occurrences
reformhere          : 1 occurrences
represented         : 3 occurrences
fuel                : 2 occurrences
seems               : 1 occurrences
surprisingly        : 1 occurrences
dcbased             : 1 occurrences
bloodiest           : 1 occurrences
buses               : 1 occurrences
unthinkable         : 1 occurrences
signal              : 1 occurrences
strategy            : 1 occurrences
length              : 1 occurrences
arbitrary           : 1 occurrences
benchmarks          : 1 occurrences
syrian              : 3 occurrences
pressa              : 1 occurrences
callerkallstrom     : 1 occurrences
pictwittercomstvfdotmab: 1 occurrences
inciting            : 1 occurrences
aldenea             : 1 occurrences
conflict            : 5 occurrences
vital               : 1 occurrences
hosting             : 2 occurrences
contempt            : 1 occurrences
conflictthe         : 1 occurrences
dozen               : 2 occurrences
governmentbrowder   : 1 occurrences
complex             : 1 occurrences
attacks             : 2 occurrences
patriots            : 1 occurrences
gunman              : 3 occurrences
proposed            : 2 occurrences
initiatives         : 2 occurrences
october             : 21 occurrences
15th                : 2 occurrences
november            : 11 occurrences
dragging            : 1 occurrences
statements          : 4 occurrences
lying               : 8 occurrences
redeemrecords       : 1 occurrences
gendai              : 1 occurrences
aspect              : 1 occurrences
jihadi              : 1 occurrences
prey                : 1 occurrences
views               : 2 occurrences
deep                : 5 occurrences
lecture             : 2 occurrences
letter              : 3 occurrences
victoria            : 8 occurrences
1787                : 1 occurrences
terrorists          : 11 occurrences
body                : 8 occurrences
proposes            : 1 occurrences
owen                : 1 occurrences
cause               : 2 occurrences
improve             : 2 occurrences
predawn             : 1 occurrences
approvedformer      : 3 occurrences
purchase            : 3 occurrences
fences              : 2 occurrences
played              : 5 occurrences
email               : 27 occurrences
blocking            : 3 occurrences
means               : 4 occurrences
meant               : 4 occurrences
challenging         : 1 occurrences
deployed            : 1 occurrences
jail                : 2 occurrences
upper               : 1 occurrences
according           : 19 occurrences
identified          : 7 occurrences
sweeping            : 1 occurrences
article             : 5 occurrences
foundation          : 11 occurrences
usage               : 2 occurrences
herself             : 3 occurrences
council             : 3 occurrences
player              : 2 occurrences
guns                : 3 occurrences
corridor            : 1 occurrences
arising             : 1 occurrences
tunnel              : 2 occurrences
tatters             : 1 occurrences
school              : 2 occurrences
brought             : 2 occurrences
govern              : 2 occurrences
thus                : 1 occurrences
accountthe          : 1 occurrences
dhs                 : 2 occurrences
afghanistan         : 2 occurrences
laws                : 3 occurrences
enduring            : 1 occurrences
regulators          : 1 occurrences
cheryl              : 1 occurrences
payroll             : 1 occurrences
stands              : 2 occurrences
providing           : 2 occurrences
senior              : 11 occurrences
coma                : 1 occurrences
joint               : 3 occurrences
dig                 : 2 occurrences
come                : 18 occurrences
continued           : 5 occurrences
shop                : 2 occurrences
america             : 26 occurrences
swing               : 4 occurrences
today               : 18 occurrences
shot                : 15 occurrences
various             : 2 occurrences
timea               : 1 occurrences
show                : 18 occurrences
goodness            : 3 occurrences
southern            : 2 occurrences
assistance          : 7 occurrences
matter              : 8 occurrences
created             : 5 occurrences
scrutiny            : 1 occurrences
happenedit          : 1 occurrences
doozy               : 1 occurrences
scope               : 2 occurrences
trafficking         : 2 occurrences
busted              : 1 occurrences
lauderdale          : 1 occurrences
indiana             : 2 occurrences
mesquite            : 1 occurrences
signed              : 1 occurrences
fleeing             : 1 occurrences
times               : 13 occurrences
three               : 15 occurrences
validate            : 3 occurrences
wallhow             : 1 occurrences
percentage          : 1 occurrences
companies           : 4 occurrences
purchases           : 1 occurrences
view                : 1 occurrences
bottled             : 1 occurrences
borders             : 6 occurrences
electionthe         : 1 occurrences
testifying          : 7 occurrences
expedition          : 2 occurrences
conversation        : 2 occurrences
several             : 10 occurrences
amendment           : 3 occurrences
lawyer              : 9 occurrences
passage             : 1 occurrences
threw               : 3 occurrences
usfox               : 1 occurrences
repdesantis         : 1 occurrences
profit              : 1 occurrences
committed           : 3 occurrences
committee           : 43 occurrences
morningspecial      : 1 occurrences
protect             : 8 occurrences
continues           : 6 occurrences
situated            : 1 occurrences
dim                 : 1 occurrences
distribute          : 3 occurrences
cont                : 4 occurrences
ports               : 1 occurrences
orchestrated        : 1 occurrences
movement            : 2 occurrences
treason             : 6 occurrences
deadline            : 3 occurrences
fight               : 5 occurrences
presidents          : 3 occurrences
situationpolice     : 1 occurrences
benefitting         : 1 occurrences
identifying         : 1 occurrences
yes                 : 1 occurrences
monday              : 9 occurrences
yet                 : 5 occurrences
senator             : 10 occurrences
entering            : 1 occurrences
coyotes             : 1 occurrences
score               : 1 occurrences
2017scalise         : 1 occurrences
summer              : 5 occurrences
afraid              : 1 occurrences
surgery             : 1 occurrences
extraordinary       : 2 occurrences
recoverrand         : 1 occurrences
ire                 : 1 occurrences
disrespect          : 1 occurrences
bombshell           : 6 occurrences
pending             : 1 occurrences
wind                : 1 occurrences
hasan               : 2 occurrences
posobiec            : 1 occurrences
bunch               : 3 occurrences
health              : 3 occurrences
protestor           : 1 occurrences
encouraging         : 1 occurrences
worldas             : 1 occurrences
money               : 22 occurrences
orbis               : 1 occurrences
financed            : 3 occurrences
deported            : 1 occurrences
regulatory          : 1 occurrences
political           : 23 occurrences
decline             : 2 occurrences
wins                : 2 occurrences
boricuas            : 1 occurrences
likes               : 1 occurrences
survived            : 1 occurrences
classroom           : 1 occurrences
700                 : 1 occurrences
lgbt                : 1 occurrences
intend              : 1 occurrences
colleague           : 1 occurrences
generations         : 3 occurrences
finances            : 1 occurrences
down                : 15 occurrences
values              : 3 occurrences
successstrong       : 1 occurrences
copy                : 6 occurrences
nyp                 : 1 occurrences
full                : 12 occurrences
selling             : 1 occurrences
reasonin            : 1 occurrences
tells               : 6 occurrences
nyt                 : 1 occurrences
oligarch            : 1 occurrences
watergate           : 1 occurrences
handed              : 1 occurrences
migrants            : 1 occurrences
specializes         : 1 occurrences
followingall        : 1 occurrences
200                 : 1 occurrences
defeat              : 2 occurrences
isn                 : 2 occurrences
makes               : 4 occurrences
mcauliffe           : 4 occurrences
mohammad            : 1 occurrences
transparency        : 1 occurrences
tan                 : 1 occurrences
fingers             : 1 occurrences
imran               : 1 occurrences
justices            : 3 occurrences
human               : 10 occurrences
coordinated         : 2 occurrences
influences          : 1 occurrences
hajyousef           : 2 occurrences
price               : 3 occurrences
congressman         : 4 occurrences
tax                 : 32 occurrences
menendeztrial       : 1 occurrences
reimbursable        : 1 occurrences
donald              : 19 occurrences
costs               : 2 occurrences
gehad               : 1 occurrences
dnc                 : 5 occurrences
different           : 11 occurrences
regarding           : 3 occurrences
actually            : 5 occurrences
employed            : 1 occurrences
responsible         : 7 occurrences
core                : 2 occurrences
rural               : 4 occurrences
agriculture         : 1 occurrences
districts           : 2 occurrences
referring           : 2 occurrences
employee            : 4 occurrences
swirl               : 1 occurrences
freedom             : 6 occurrences
welcome             : 2 occurrences
acknowledged        : 1 occurrences
trumpanyone         : 1 occurrences
coverup             : 1 occurrences
congressional       : 17 occurrences
somalia             : 2 occurrences
breathtaking        : 1 occurrences
corp                : 1 occurrences
peace               : 8 occurrences
stolen              : 2 occurrences
dni                 : 1 occurrences
materialsthe        : 1 occurrences
investment          : 7 occurrences
private             : 2 occurrences
doesn               : 9 occurrences
bold                : 1 occurrences
winner              : 6 occurrences
prayers             : 5 occurrences
dislocation         : 1 occurrences
unrelated           : 1 occurrences
fullness            : 1 occurrences
included            : 4 occurrences
pride               : 2 occurrences
peaceful            : 3 occurrences
doj                 : 19 occurrences
multiple            : 5 occurrences
exspy               : 1 occurrences
continue            : 10 occurrences
don                 : 26 occurrences
program             : 14 occurrences
sanctions           : 5 occurrences
offensesthis        : 1 occurrences
shut                : 3 occurrences
nonexempt           : 1 occurrences
hack                : 2 occurrences
reminder            : 1 occurrences
includes            : 2 occurrences
manufactured        : 1 occurrences
allies              : 5 occurrences
prosperous          : 2 occurrences
moneylaundering     : 1 occurrences
recently            : 7 occurrences
die                 : 1 occurrences
shafiq              : 2 occurrences
demand              : 1 occurrences
republic            : 1 occurrences
vadim               : 1 occurrences
explained           : 2 occurrences
omar                : 2 occurrences
spearheaded         : 2 occurrences
lower               : 3 occurrences
wire                : 2 occurrences
offread             : 1 occurrences
supplemental        : 2 occurrences
belowtranscriptradio: 1 occurrences
strictly            : 1 occurrences
trailing            : 1 occurrences
fulfilling          : 1 occurrences
nerve               : 1 occurrences
enslave             : 1 occurrences
howled              : 1 occurrences
mahmood             : 1 occurrences
counsel             : 13 occurrences
mandalay            : 1 occurrences
videocampbell       : 1 occurrences
combine             : 1 occurrences
installment         : 1 occurrences
cemented            : 1 occurrences
finish              : 1 occurrences
deny                : 2 occurrences
crowdspeople        : 1 occurrences
cultures            : 2 occurrences
rocket              : 1 occurrences
bona                : 1 occurrences
revelations         : 1 occurrences
replied             : 1 occurrences
wounded             : 5 occurrences
wise                : 1 occurrences
statedpopovich      : 1 occurrences
jihadist            : 1 occurrences
empowers            : 1 occurrences
discussed           : 2 occurrences
subpoena            : 13 occurrences
weaponizing         : 1 occurrences
futures             : 1 occurrences
charge              : 7 occurrences
sessions            : 5 occurrences
neverbeforeseen     : 1 occurrences
207788              : 1 occurrences
shoulder            : 2 occurrences
mission             : 1 occurrences
leaked              : 1 occurrences
publicchutkan       : 1 occurrences
baltimorearea       : 1 occurrences
ten                 : 2 occurrences
later               : 10 occurrences
mohammed            : 1 occurrences
revelers            : 1 occurrences
minority            : 1 occurrences
peoplenews          : 1 occurrences
accomplish          : 2 occurrences
dnctheories         : 1 occurrences
3810                : 1 occurrences
involvedthat        : 1 occurrences
mediaitefbi         : 1 occurrences
returned            : 2 occurrences
traitor             : 2 occurrences
players             : 7 occurrences
congressmen         : 1 occurrences
defamation          : 1 occurrences
finebaum            : 1 occurrences
irrelevant          : 2 occurrences
governor            : 5 occurrences
proved              : 1 occurrences
book                : 2 occurrences
unlike              : 1 occurrences
electing            : 2 occurrences
putin               : 8 occurrences
approval            : 2 occurrences
medicaid            : 2 occurrences
extensive           : 1 occurrences
milwaukee           : 1 occurrences
discover            : 1 occurrences
opinions            : 1 occurrences
usmexican           : 1 occurrences
sentiments          : 1 occurrences
scheme              : 6 occurrences
ladenin             : 1 occurrences
boos                : 1 occurrences
pictwittercom7sibijacjr: 1 occurrences
michelle            : 2 occurrences
iiinternational     : 1 occurrences
speechespress       : 1 occurrences
seeksno             : 1 occurrences
entirely            : 1 occurrences
restore             : 2 occurrences
maligned            : 1 occurrences
senatorprior        : 1 occurrences
acceptable          : 1 occurrences
bloodshed           : 2 occurrences
peoplerather        : 1 occurrences
cookie              : 1 occurrences
conspire            : 2 occurrences
trumprussia         : 3 occurrences
christopher         : 9 occurrences
officer             : 10 occurrences
chris               : 1 occurrences
unimaginable        : 1 occurrences
draft               : 1 occurrences
fund                : 2 occurrences
things              : 8 occurrences
dossierthe          : 1 occurrences
indirect            : 2 occurrences
appointed           : 2 occurrences
appointee           : 5 occurrences
election            : 19 occurrences
engaged             : 6 occurrences
correct             : 2 occurrences
employees           : 6 occurrences
spokeswoman         : 5 occurrences
courtroom           : 1 occurrences
weekly              : 1 occurrences
longstanding        : 1 occurrences
empower             : 2 occurrences
holdingsveselnitskaya: 1 occurrences
conditionsthis      : 1 occurrences
canadabased         : 1 occurrences
inquiries           : 1 occurrences
2018there           : 1 occurrences
practice            : 3 occurrences
translation         : 1 occurrences
snap                : 8 occurrences
guys                : 3 occurrences
scene               : 3 occurrences
argument            : 1 occurrences
millionronald       : 1 occurrences
companion           : 2 occurrences
denounce            : 1 occurrences
forfeiture          : 1 occurrences
antics              : 1 occurrences
270                 : 1 occurrences
terrible            : 2 occurrences
sherrod             : 1 occurrences
obamacare           : 1 occurrences
themvideo           : 1 occurrences
rooney              : 4 occurrences
emerge              : 1 occurrences
independent         : 3 occurrences
dts                 : 1 occurrences
lawthe              : 1 occurrences
jackwagon           : 1 occurrences
shake               : 1 occurrences
throw               : 1 occurrences
memorialize         : 1 occurrences
recall              : 2 occurrences
unfairone           : 1 occurrences
eventual            : 2 occurrences
fuller              : 1 occurrences
supporting          : 1 occurrences
thinkpresident      : 1 occurrences
release             : 20 occurrences
democratic          : 9 occurrences
treatment           : 6 occurrences
logged              : 1 occurrences
focus               : 2 occurrences
accordance          : 1 occurrences
peculiar            : 1 occurrences
reveals             : 3 occurrences
total               : 3 occurrences
tie                 : 2 occurrences
born                : 3 occurrences
recordschutkan      : 1 occurrences
due                 : 3 occurrences
hands               : 5 occurrences
highest             : 1 occurrences
conducting          : 2 occurrences
highprofile         : 1 occurrences
tick                : 1 occurrences
especially          : 6 occurrences
takedowns           : 1 occurrences
greattillerson      : 1 occurrences
supervision         : 1 occurrences
prepared            : 1 occurrences
busts               : 1 occurrences
votethe             : 1 occurrences
designated          : 1 occurrences
working             : 10 occurrences
lawmaker            : 1 occurrences
anyone              : 9 occurrences
present             : 5 occurrences
possession          : 2 occurrences
alltime             : 3 occurrences
approved            : 9 occurrences
oct                 : 6 occurrences
seemed              : 1 occurrences
examine             : 1 occurrences
client              : 8 occurrences
amply               : 1 occurrences
shall               : 2 occurrences
rmithe              : 1 occurrences
jalal               : 1 occurrences
herrera             : 2 occurrences
departments         : 2 occurrences
gunfire             : 4 occurrences
english             : 1 occurrences
venezuela           : 2 occurrences
physician           : 1 occurrences
webzilla            : 1 occurrences
intermediary        : 1 occurrences
helmets             : 1 occurrences
suspensions         : 1 occurrences
manhandled          : 1 occurrences
unsatisfied         : 1 occurrences
shame               : 1 occurrences
delivered           : 1 occurrences
threatens           : 1 occurrences
terminals           : 2 occurrences
suing               : 3 occurrences
mechanism           : 1 occurrences
retirements         : 1 occurrences
exchange            : 3 occurrences
initiated           : 1 occurrences
undercovertwo       : 1 occurrences
condemning          : 1 occurrences
daham               : 1 occurrences
repeatedly          : 3 occurrences
both                : 23 occurrences
cozy                : 1 occurrences
greatest            : 4 occurrences
tied                : 1 occurrences
year                : 21 occurrences
chatting            : 1 occurrences
allocated           : 2 occurrences
nikkan              : 1 occurrences
thinks              : 3 occurrences
highlights          : 2 occurrences
posed               : 1 occurrences
bots                : 1 occurrences
fears               : 1 occurrences
owned               : 3 occurrences
authorizedthe       : 1 occurrences
6252009             : 1 occurrences
challenged          : 1 occurrences
visa                : 3 occurrences
ties                : 6 occurrences
stretched           : 1 occurrences
crisispolice        : 1 occurrences
edmonton            : 2 occurrences
prime               : 6 occurrences
permitted           : 1 occurrences
issue               : 6 occurrences
intermediate        : 1 occurrences
owner               : 5 occurrences
cuba                : 3 occurrences
agorep              : 1 occurrences
behavioral          : 1 occurrences
goodwhat            : 1 occurrences
challenges          : 3 occurrences
discovery           : 1 occurrences
workforce           : 1 occurrences
extortion           : 4 occurrences
orrin               : 2 occurrences
lessseverely        : 1 occurrences
representatives     : 2 occurrences
framers             : 1 occurrences
hiding              : 2 occurrences
island              : 1 occurrences
sorry               : 1 occurrences
half                : 4 occurrences
pillars             : 2 occurrences
pressure            : 2 occurrences
globe               : 1 occurrences
off                 : 14 occurrences
murder              : 2 occurrences
stopthehate         : 1 occurrences
fighting            : 1 occurrences
disrepairwe         : 1 occurrences
after               : 44 occurrences
forever             : 2 occurrences
collection          : 2 occurrences
lenient             : 2 occurrences
vision              : 2 occurrences
supreme             : 5 occurrences
coglianese          : 1 occurrences
hawaii              : 1 occurrences
disaster            : 1 occurrences
hall                : 1 occurrences
campaignread        : 1 occurrences
invalid             : 3 occurrences
magazines           : 1 occurrences
filing              : 1 occurrences
grifter             : 1 occurrences
announced           : 11 occurrences
paper               : 1 occurrences
associates          : 1 occurrences
build               : 3 occurrences
accused             : 4 occurrences
rosatom             : 12 occurrences
manner              : 3 occurrences
outside             : 2 occurrences
fusiongenerated     : 1 occurrences
existing            : 2 occurrences
crossed             : 1 occurrences
lived               : 1 occurrences
lives               : 5 occurrences
added               : 6 occurrences
ahead               : 1 occurrences
position            : 3 occurrences
announces           : 2 occurrences
ancient             : 1 occurrences
individual          : 1 occurrences
built               : 4 occurrences
worsethe            : 1 occurrences
biased              : 1 occurrences
drama               : 1 occurrences
lowers              : 1 occurrences
frankenfarrell      : 1 occurrences
commerce            : 2 occurrences
nearly              : 5 occurrences
fired               : 7 occurrences
jan                 : 3 occurrences
steelean            : 1 occurrences
picked              : 1 occurrences
prior               : 3 occurrences
enterprise          : 4 occurrences
holds               : 1 occurrences
ysidro              : 1 occurrences
inaction            : 1 occurrences
hand                : 3 occurrences
sias                : 1 occurrences
phoenix             : 2 occurrences
expressing          : 2 occurrences
gaggle              : 2 occurrences
processing          : 1 occurrences
homedan             : 1 occurrences
investor            : 2 occurrences
excludedthe         : 1 occurrences
