government                    236 occurrences
american                      234 occurrences
over                          226 occurrences
states                        217 occurrences
news                          201 occurrences
time                          201 occurrences
because                       201 occurrences
united                        198 occurrences
former                        198 occurrences
investigation                 195 occurrences
information                   195 occurrences
administration                186 occurrences
hillary                       185 occurrences
know                          181 occurrences
should                        178 occurrences
told                          172 occurrences
get                           170 occurrences
national                      169 occurrences
russian                       169 occurrences
first                         169 occurrences
america                       168 occurrences
being                         160 occurrences
director                      159 occurrences
made                          159 occurrences
white                         157 occurrences
according                     156 occurrences
under                         155 occurrences
country                       154 occurrences
federal                       153 occurrences
security                      153 occurrences
against                       153 occurrences
very                          153 occurrences
donald                        151 occurrences
justice                       150 occurrences
russia                        146 occurrences
even                          144 occurrences
during                        141 occurrences
going                         141 occurrences
say                           140 occurrences
political                     139 occurrences
here                          138 occurrences
years                         138 occurrences
campaign                      134 occurrences
general                       133 occurrences
law                           131 occurrences
down                          131 occurrences
public                        130 occurrences
court                         130 occurrences
email                         127 occurrences
last                          126 occurrences
office                        125 occurrences
back                          123 occurrences
documents                     121 occurrences
see                           121 occurrences
million                       121 occurrences
case                          121 occurrences
report                        120 occurrences
use                           118 occurrences
washington                    117 occurrences
committee                     116 occurrences
police                        116 occurrences
make                          116 occurrences
attorney                      116 occurrences
officials                     115 occurrences
comey                         115 occurrences
intelligence                  114 occurrences
right                         114 occurrences
fox                           114 occurrences
between                       113 occurrences
work                          113 occurrences
bill                          112 occurrences
food                          112 occurrences
election                      111 occurrences
world                         109 occurrences
through                       108 occurrences
americans                     106 occurrences
take                          106 occurrences
year                          105 occurrences
day                           104 occurrences
media                         104 occurrences
group                         103 occurrences
secretary                     103 occurrences
asked                         103 occurrences
including                     103 occurrences
foreign                       102 occurrences
think                         102 occurrences
congress                      102 occurrences
says                          100 occurrences
great                         99 occurrences
emails                        98 occurrences
program                       98 occurrences
official                      97 occurrences
released                      97 occurrences
republican                    97 occurrences
such                          97 occurrences
help                          96 occurrences
well                          96 occurrences
deal                          95 occurrences
today                         95 occurrences
john                          95 occurrences
never                         94 occurrences
special                       92 occurrences
used                          92 occurrences
didn                          91 occurrences
democrats                     91 occurrences
nuclear                       91 occurrences
vote                          91 occurrences
come                          91 occurrences
left                          90 occurrences
called                        90 occurrences
part                          89 occurrences
good                          89 occurrences
does                          89 occurrences
every                         88 occurrences
both                          88 occurrences
illegal                       87 occurrences
three                         87 occurrences
statement                     87 occurrences
senate                        86 occurrences
man                           86 occurrences
money                         86 occurrences
tax                           86 occurrences
read                          86 occurrences
members                       85 occurrences
show                          84 occurrences
own                           84 occurrences
another                       84 occurrences
went                          84 occurrences
system                        84 occurrences
nations                       83 occurrences
business                      83 occurrences
press                         82 occurrences
need                          81 occurrences
agency                        81 occurrences
party                         81 occurrences
same                          81 occurrences
act                           80 occurrences
judge                         79 occurrences
evidence                      79 occurrences
records                       78 occurrences
presidential                  78 occurrences
mccabe                        78 occurrences
congressional                 78 occurrences
watch                         77 occurrences
video                         77 occurrences
order                         77 occurrences
democratic                    77 occurrences
saying                        76 occurrences
private                       76 occurrences
support                       74 occurrences
cnn                           74 occurrences
agents                        73 occurrences
times                         73 occurrences
off                           73 occurrences
reported                      73 occurrences
meeting                       73 occurrences
north                         72 occurrences
doing                         71 occurrences
daily                         71 occurrences
week                          71 occurrences
family                        70 occurrences
york                          70 occurrences
dnc                           70 occurrences
criminal                      70 occurrences
believe                       70 occurrences
health                        69 occurrences
republicans                   69 occurrences
whether                       69 occurrences
found                         68 occurrences
took                          68 occurrences
call                          68 occurrences
ryan                          67 occurrences
senior                        67 occurrences
change                        66 occurrences
still                         66 occurrences
below                         66 occurrences
care                          66 occurrences
uranium                       65 occurrences
big                           65 occurrences
nothing                       65 occurrences
policy                        65 occurrences
friday                        65 occurrences
senator                       64 occurrences
around                        64 occurrences
plan                          64 occurrences
power                         64 occurrences
given                         64 occurrences
wrote                         64 occurrences
attack                        63 occurrences
rice                          63 occurrences
rich                          63 occurrences
best                          63 occurrences
things                        63 occurrences
action                        63 occurrences
mccain                        63 occurrences
making                        62 occurrences
again                         62 occurrences
anything                      62 occurrences
foundation                    62 occurrences
four                          62 occurrences
morning                       61 occurrences
really                        61 occurrences
pay                           61 occurrences
without                       61 occurrences
citizens                      61 occurrences
sent                          61 occurrences
give                          60 occurrences
reports                       60 occurrences
rep                           60 occurrences
irs                           60 occurrences
came                          60 occurrences
keep                          59 occurrences
immigration                   59 occurrences
working                       59 occurrences
source                        59 occurrences
barack                        59 occurrences
sources                       59 occurrences
matter                        59 occurrences
fact                          59 occurrences
doesn                         59 occurrences
entire                        58 occurrences
anyone                        58 occurrences
end                           58 occurrences
groups                        58 occurrences
countries                     58 occurrences
fraud                         58 occurrences
gave                          58 occurrences
story                         57 occurrences
probe                         56 occurrences
ever                          56 occurrences
speech                        56 occurrences
city                          56 occurrences
stamp                         56 occurrences
james                         56 occurrences
decision                      55 occurrences
dossier                       55 occurrences
put                           55 occurrences
later                         55 occurrences
effort                        55 occurrences
home                          55 occurrences
school                        55 occurrences
free                          55 occurrences
find                          54 occurrences
mueller                       54 occurrences
war                           54 occurrences
wikileaks                     54 occurrences
muslim                        54 occurrences
something                     53 occurrences
question                      53 occurrences
border                        53 occurrences
months                        53 occurrences
clear                         53 occurrences
top                           53 occurrences
long                          53 occurrences
march                         53 occurrences
team                          53 occurrences
trying                        52 occurrences
number                        52 occurrences
several                       52 occurrences
young                         52 occurrences
announced                     52 occurrences
enforcement                   52 occurrences
judicial                      52 occurrences
obamacare                     52 occurrences
fired                         52 occurrences
involved                      51 occurrences
efforts                       51 occurrences
korea                         51 occurrences
different                     51 occurrences
next                          50 occurrences
caller                        50 occurrences
release                       50 occurrences
together                      50 occurrences
staff                         50 occurrences
open                          50 occurrences
few                           50 occurrences
history                       50 occurrences
past                          50 occurrences
california                    49 occurrences
legal                         49 occurrences
look                          49 occurrences
paul                          49 occurrences
iran                          49 occurrences
person                        49 occurrences
job                           48 occurrences
billion                       48 occurrences
wife                          48 occurrences
military                      48 occurrences
high                          48 occurrences
within                        48 occurrences
personal                      48 occurrences
tuesday                       48 occurrences
worked                        48 occurrences
stop                          48 occurrences
tell                          48 occurrences
computer                      47 occurrences
away                          47 occurrences
once                          47 occurrences
wall                          47 occurrences
thing                         47 occurrences
calling                       46 occurrences
might                         46 occurrences
social                        46 occurrences
service                       46 occurrences
democrat                      46 occurrences
access                        46 occurrences
college                       46 occurrences
interview                     46 occurrences
percent                       46 occurrences
better                        46 occurrences
response                      46 occurrences
among                         45 occurrences
place                         45 occurrences
benefits                      45 occurrences
using                         45 occurrences
october                       45 occurrences
previous                      45 occurrences
april                         44 occurrences
community                     44 occurrences
leaders                       44 occurrences
funds                         44 occurrences
wednesday                     44 occurrences
nation                        44 occurrences
via                           44 occurrences
become                        44 occurrences
real                          44 occurrences
based                         44 occurrences
company                       43 occurrences
agencies                      43 occurrences
june                          43 occurrences
sen                           43 occurrences
process                       43 occurrences
classified                    43 occurrences
already                       43 occurrences
point                         43 occurrences
far                           43 occurrences
dollars                       43 occurrences
men                           42 occurrences
everything                    42 occurrences
possible                      42 occurrences
students                      42 occurrences
set                           42 occurrences
bureau                        42 occurrences
everyone                      42 occurrences
executive                     42 occurrences
recently                      42 occurrences
second                        41 occurrences
organizations                 41 occurrences
shot                          41 occurrences
least                         41 occurrences
full                          41 occurrences
putin                         41 occurrences
supreme                       41 occurrences
future                        41 occurrences
cia                           41 occurrences
control                       41 occurrences
doj                           41 occurrences
post                          41 occurrences
spoke                         41 occurrences
recent                        41 occurrences
small                         41 occurrences
sure                          40 occurrences
rights                        40 occurrences
received                      40 occurrences
known                         40 occurrences
five                          40 occurrences
knew                          40 occurrences
allowed                       40 occurrences
stand                         40 occurrences
member                        40 occurrences
comes                         40 occurrences
wanted                        40 occurrences
local                         39 occurrences
july                          39 occurrences
flynn                         39 occurrences
previously                    39 occurrences
agent                         39 occurrences
lawmakers                     39 occurrences
night                         39 occurrences
yet                           39 occurrences
friends                       39 occurrences
days                          39 occurrences
able                          38 occurrences
district                      38 occurrences
close                         38 occurrences
weapons                       38 occurrences
taken                         38 occurrences
freedom                       38 occurrences
fight                         38 occurrences
provided                      38 occurrences
month                         38 occurrences
firm                          38 occurrences
issue                         38 occurrences
funding                       38 occurrences
details                       38 occurrences
talk                          38 occurrences
lawyers                       38 occurrences
move                          38 occurrences
guy                           38 occurrences
won                           38 occurrences
ambassador                    38 occurrences
millions                      38 occurrences
claims                        37 occurrences
lawyer                        37 occurrences
answer                        37 occurrences
life                          37 occurrences
having                        37 occurrences
september                     37 occurrences
ago                           37 occurrences
needs                         37 occurrences
counsel                       37 occurrences
deputy                        37 occurrences
run                           37 occurrences
center                        37 occurrences
love                          37 occurrences
done                          37 occurrences
course                        37 occurrences
regime                        37 occurrences
seen                          37 occurrences
friend                        36 occurrences
until                         36 occurrences
violence                      36 occurrences
current                       36 occurrences
conference                    36 occurrences
monday                        36 occurrences
getting                       36 occurrences
involving                     36 occurrences
children                      36 occurrences
stated                        36 occurrences
issues                        36 occurrences
flag                          36 occurrences
truth                         36 occurrences
others                        36 occurrences
lynch                         36 occurrences
chief                         36 occurrences
refugees                      36 occurrences
clearly                       36 occurrences
capitol                       36 occurrences
each                          36 occurrences
seth                          35 occurrences
enough                        35 occurrences
letter                        35 occurrences
reasons                       35 occurrences
claimed                       35 occurrences
comments                      35 occurrences
secret                        35 occurrences
missile                       35 occurrences
immigrants                    35 occurrences
international                 35 occurrences
chairman                      35 occurrences
town                          35 occurrences
related                       35 occurrences
continue                      35 occurrences
serious                       35 occurrences
hope                          35 occurrences
however                       35 occurrences
hard                          35 occurrences
budget                        35 occurrences
spent                         34 occurrences
held                          34 occurrences
adviser                       34 occurrences
actually                      34 occurrences
little                        34 occurrences
server                        34 occurrences
weeks                         34 occurrences
important                     34 occurrences
thousands                     34 occurrences
likely                        34 occurrences
employees                     34 occurrences
role                          34 occurrences
islamic                       34 occurrences
jobs                          34 occurrences
syria                         34 occurrences
soros                         34 occurrences
texas                         34 occurrences
data                          34 occurrences
january                       33 occurrences
economic                      33 occurrences
respect                       33 occurrences
plans                         33 occurrences
failed                        33 occurrences
questions                     33 occurrences
added                         33 occurrences
shooting                      33 occurrences
nearly                        33 occurrences
susan                         33 occurrences
fake                          33 occurrences
candidate                     32 occurrences
informant                     32 occurrences
request                       32 occurrences
began                         32 occurrences
huge                          32 occurrences
deep                          32 occurrences
breitbart                     32 occurrences
scandal                       32 occurrences
major                         32 occurrences
leader                        32 occurrences
identified                    32 occurrences
happened                      32 occurrences
saturday                      32 occurrences
provide                       32 occurrences
started                       32 occurrences
governor                      32 occurrences
always                        32 occurrences
shows                         32 occurrences
officers                      32 occurrences
concerns                      32 occurrences
sunday                        32 occurrences
death                         32 occurrences
thought                       32 occurrences
remember                      32 occurrences
strong                        32 occurrences
steve                         31 occurrences
problem                       31 occurrences
agreement                     31 occurrences
andrew                        31 occurrences
society                       31 occurrences
november                      31 occurrences
moment                        31 occurrences
behind                        31 occurrences
george                        31 occurrences
level                         31 occurrences
officer                       31 occurrences
votes                         31 occurrences
women                         31 occurrences
discuss                       31 occurrences
exchange                      31 occurrences
almost                        31 occurrences
interests                     31 occurrences
thursday                      31 occurrences
across                        31 occurrences
rules                         31 occurrences
less                          30 occurrences
south                         30 occurrences
lot                           30 occurrences
taking                        30 occurrences
aliens                        30 occurrences
nominee                       30 occurrences
mayor                         30 occurrences
old                           30 occurrences
live                          30 occurrences
hill                          30 occurrences
charge                        30 occurrences
knows                         30 occurrences
virginia                      30 occurrences
intel                         30 occurrences
crime                         30 occurrences
else                          30 occurrences
leadership                    30 occurrences
name                          30 occurrences
lawsuit                       30 occurrences
late                          30 occurrences
yes                           30 occurrences
isn                           30 occurrences
cash                          30 occurrences
investigators                 29 occurrences
wants                         29 occurrences
idea                          29 occurrences
immediately                   29 occurrences
terrorists                    29 occurrences
document                      29 occurrences
someone                       29 occurrences
looking                       29 occurrences
further                       29 occurrences
position                      29 occurrences
conservative                  29 occurrences
council                       29 occurrences
human                         29 occurrences
facebook                      29 occurrences
early                         29 occurrences
talking                       29 occurrences
status                        29 occurrences
spy                           29 occurrences
policies                      29 occurrences
civil                         29 occurrences
building                      29 occurrences
amount                        29 occurrences
woman                         29 occurrences
start                         29 occurrences
paid                          29 occurrences
flags                         29 occurrences
message                       29 occurrences
university                    29 occurrences
whose                         29 occurrences
taxes                         28 occurrences
heard                         28 occurrences
market                        28 occurrences
organization                  28 occurrences
ties                          28 occurrences
revealed                      28 occurrences
sessions                      28 occurrences
opposition                    28 occurrences
comment                       28 occurrences
speaking                      28 occurrences
florida                       28 occurrences
running                       28 occurrences
record                        28 occurrences
telling                       28 occurrences
fire                          28 occurrences
especially                    28 occurrences
unmasking                     28 occurrences
cut                           28 occurrences
single                        28 occurrences
sensitive                     28 occurrences
voter                         28 occurrences
defend                        28 occurrences
internal                      28 occurrences
fusion                        28 occurrences
financial                     28 occurrences
himself                       28 occurrences
february                      28 occurrences
continued                     28 occurrences
electoral                     28 occurrences
speak                         27 occurrences
along                         27 occurrences
statements                    27 occurrences
removed                       27 occurrences
turned                        27 occurrences
met                           27 occurrences
arrested                      27 occurrences
twitter                       27 occurrences
line                          27 occurrences
families                      27 occurrences
reform                        27 occurrences
kind                          27 occurrences
acting                        27 occurrences
lives                         27 occurrences
coming                        27 occurrences
bad                           27 occurrences
paris                         27 occurrences
elected                       27 occurrences
spokesman                     27 occurrences
student                       27 occurrences
internet                      27 occurrences
due                           27 occurrences
county                        27 occurrences
reason                        27 occurrences
climate                       27 occurrences
voters                        27 occurrences
hold                          27 occurrences
pass                          27 occurrences
true                          27 occurrences
hearing                       27 occurrences
often                         27 occurrences
joe                           26 occurrences
decided                       26 occurrences
situation                     26 occurrences
abid                          26 occurrences
key                           26 occurrences
build                         26 occurrences
mexico                        26 occurrences
inside                        26 occurrences
article                       26 occurrences
corruption                    26 occurrences
served                        26 occurrences
street                        26 occurrences
politics                      26 occurrences
protect                       26 occurrences
water                         26 occurrences
defense                       26 occurrences
services                      26 occurrences
appeared                      26 occurrences
research                      26 occurrences
spending                      26 occurrences
include                       26 occurrences
filed                         26 occurrences
forward                       26 occurrences
terrorism                     26 occurrences
store                         26 occurrences
tom                           26 occurrences
black                         26 occurrences
wasn                          26 occurrences
technology                    26 occurrences
clintons                      26 occurrences
staffer                       26 occurrences
cost                          26 occurrences
shared                        26 occurrences
seek                          26 occurrences
giving                        26 occurrences
christopher                   25 occurrences
accused                       25 occurrences
words                         25 occurrences
toensing                      25 occurrences
candidates                    25 occurrences
stamps                        25 occurrences
bring                         25 occurrences
muslims                       25 occurrences
august                        25 occurrences
assange                       25 occurrences
hours                         25 occurrences
british                       25 occurrences
assistance                    25 occurrences
following                     25 occurrences
standing                      25 occurrences
search                        25 occurrences
large                         25 occurrences
makes                         25 occurrences
steele                        25 occurrences
repeal                        25 occurrences
result                        25 occurrences
total                         25 occurrences
mcmaster                      25 occurrences
room                          25 occurrences
board                         25 occurrences
safe                          25 occurrences
attacks                       25 occurrences
lost                          25 occurrences
needed                        25 occurrences
lerner                        25 occurrences
tried                         25 occurrences
gop                           25 occurrences
gps                           25 occurrences
earlier                       25 occurrences
hall                          25 occurrences
hud                           25 occurrences
amendment                     25 occurrences
investigate                   25 occurrences
constitution                  24 occurrences
latest                        24 occurrences
graham                        24 occurrences
refused                       24 occurrences
brothers                      24 occurrences
popular                       24 occurrences
outside                       24 occurrences
syrian                        24 occurrences
travel                        24 occurrences
specifically                  24 occurrences
mike                          24 occurrences
familiar                      24 occurrences
per                           24 occurrences
individuals                   24 occurrences
russians                      24 occurrences
address                       24 occurrences
san                           24 occurrences
rosenstein                    24 occurrences
southern                      24 occurrences
tonight                       24 occurrences
example                       24 occurrences
dozens                        24 occurrences
scalise                       24 occurrences
representatives               24 occurrences
expected                      24 occurrences
hit                           24 occurrences
informed                      24 occurrences
minister                      24 occurrences
continues                     24 occurrences
sean                          24 occurrences
isis                          23 occurrences
near                          23 occurrences
memo                          23 occurrences
interest                      23 occurrences
language                      23 occurrences
robert                        23 occurrences
citizen                       23 occurrences
side                          23 occurrences
sign                          23 occurrences
refugee                       23 occurrences
attempt                       23 occurrences
mcauliffe                     23 occurrences
list                          23 occurrences
themselves                    23 occurrences
project                       23 occurrences
rather                        23 occurrences
cases                         23 occurrences
green                         23 occurrences
six                           23 occurrences
issued                        23 occurrences
interference                  23 occurrences
ground                        23 occurrences
insurance                     23 occurrences
attention                     23 occurrences
happen                        23 occurrences
programs                      23 occurrences
share                         23 occurrences
bank                          23 occurrences
mean                          22 occurrences
names                         22 occurrences
jeff                          22 occurrences
agenda                        22 occurrences
authority                     22 occurrences
asking                        22 occurrences
brought                       22 occurrences
grant                         22 occurrences
conservatives                 22 occurrences
significant                   22 occurrences
described                     22 occurrences
air                           22 occurrences
ask                           22 occurrences
thank                         22 occurrences
material                      22 occurrences
influence                     22 occurrences
ran                           22 occurrences
red                           22 occurrences
cover                         22 occurrences
living                        22 occurrences
files                         22 occurrences
direct                        22 occurrences
supporters                    22 occurrences
testimony                     22 occurrences
terrorist                     22 occurrences
though                        22 occurrences
willing                       22 occurrences
front                         22 occurrences
messages                      22 occurrences
majority                      22 occurrences
review                        22 occurrences
false                         22 occurrences
loretta                       22 occurrences
abedin                        22 occurrences
leaked                        22 occurrences
guilty                        22 occurrences
responsible                   22 occurrences
allow                         22 occurrences
body                          22 occurrences
step                          22 occurrences
prevent                       22 occurrences
instead                       21 occurrences
meet                          21 occurrences
area                          21 occurrences
calls                         21 occurrences
head                          21 occurrences
hear                          21 occurrences
led                           21 occurrences
finally                       21 occurrences
facts                         21 occurrences
biggest                       21 occurrences
simply                        21 occurrences
middle                        21 occurrences
pretty                        21 occurrences
areas                         21 occurrences
multiple                      21 occurrences
lied                          21 occurrences
costs                         21 occurrences
victims                       21 occurrences
awan                          21 occurrences
tweeted                       21 occurrences
lying                         21 occurrences
brennan                       21 occurrences
interesting                   21 occurrences
imran                         21 occurrences
taxpayers                     21 occurrences
problems                      21 occurrences
personnel                     21 occurrences
saw                           21 occurrences
strike                        21 occurrences
gorsuch                       21 occurrences
voted                         21 occurrences
alien                         21 occurrences
network                       21 occurrences
cause                         21 occurrences
park                          21 occurrences
goes                          21 occurrences
mark                          21 occurrences
charged                       21 occurrences
force                         21 occurrences
individual                    21 occurrences
face                          21 occurrences
hands                         21 occurrences
scott                         21 occurrences
target                        21 occurrences
became                        21 occurrences
subject                       21 occurrences
serve                         20 occurrences
numbers                       20 occurrences
events                        20 occurrences
ordered                       20 occurrences
feel                          20 occurrences
gets                          20 occurrences
illegals                      20 occurrences
incident                      20 occurrences
global                        20 occurrences
surveillance                  20 occurrences
radical                       20 occurrences
class                         20 occurrences
account                       20 occurrences
thinks                        20 occurrences
agree                         20 occurrences
listen                        20 occurrences
kelly                         20 occurrences
agreed                        20 occurrences
value                         20 occurrences
raised                        20 occurrences
allies                        20 occurrences
haven                         20 occurrences
perez                         20 occurrences
assistant                     20 occurrences
regarding                     20 occurrences
murder                        20 occurrences
snap                          20 occurrences
threat                        20 occurrences
offered                       20 occurrences
statues                       20 occurrences
investigating                 20 occurrences
hundreds                      20 occurrences
liberal                       20 occurrences
limited                       20 occurrences
independent                   20 occurrences
certainly                     20 occurrences
contract                      20 occurrences
relations                     20 occurrences
numerous                      20 occurrences
present                       20 occurrences
rule                          19 occurrences
voting                        19 occurrences
hannity                       19 occurrences
islam                         19 occurrences
lead                          19 occurrences
push                          19 occurrences
inspector                     19 occurrences
authorities                   19 occurrences
chemical                      19 occurrences
signed                        19 occurrences
hacking                       19 occurrences
actions                       19 occurrences
hunt                          19 occurrences
takes                         19 occurrences
moscow                        19 occurrences
brotherhood                   19 occurrences
tells                         19 occurrences
cuba                          19 occurrences
type                          19 occurrences
regulations                   19 occurrences
nsa                           19 occurrences
fighting                      19 occurrences
tillerson                     19 occurrences
hunting                       19 occurrences
healthcare                    19 occurrences
wasserman                     19 occurrences
michael                       19 occurrences
separate                      19 occurrences
union                         19 occurrences
file                          19 occurrences
approved                      19 occurrences
included                      19 occurrences
bannon                        19 occurrences
congressman                   19 occurrences
probably                      19 occurrences
massive                       19 occurrences
stood                         19 occurrences
results                       19 occurrences
caught                        19 occurrences
visit                         19 occurrences
none                          19 occurrences
meant                         19 occurrences
means                         19 occurrences
denied                        19 occurrences
income                        19 occurrences
believed                      19 occurrences
believes                      19 occurrences
housing                       19 occurrences
china                         19 occurrences
host                          19 occurrences
main                          19 occurrences
breaking                      19 occurrences
explain                       19 occurrences
wrong                         19 occurrences
laws                          19 occurrences
businesses                    19 occurrences
racist                        19 occurrences
charges                       19 occurrences
hack                          19 occurrences
father                        19 occurrences
supposed                      19 occurrences
zero                          19 occurrences
hand                          19 occurrences
elections                     19 occurrences
hate                          19 occurrences
systems                       19 occurrences
ballistic                     19 occurrences
despite                       19 occurrences
headquarters                  19 occurrences
focus                         19 occurrences
activities                    19 occurrences
receiving                     19 occurrences
yesterday                     18 occurrences
showed                        18 occurrences
receive                       18 occurrences
worse                         18 occurrences
field                         18 occurrences
chance                        18 occurrences
affordable                    18 occurrences
vice                          18 occurrences
claim                         18 occurrences
repeatedly                    18 occurrences
contained                     18 occurrences
chair                         18 occurrences
maybe                         18 occurrences
tennessee                     18 occurrences
created                       18 occurrences
israel                        18 occurrences
division                      18 occurrences
period                        18 occurrences
seeking                       18 occurrences
clapper                       18 occurrences
protest                       18 occurrences
destroy                       18 occurrences
realdonaldtrump               18 occurrences
europe                        18 occurrences
count                         18 occurrences
dropped                       18 occurrences
return                        18 occurrences
gateway                       18 occurrences
reporter                      18 occurrences
dangerous                     18 occurrences
witness                       18 occurrences
ridiculous                    18 occurrences
pundit                        18 occurrences
note                          18 occurrences
showing                       18 occurrences
similar                       18 occurrences
dobbs                         18 occurrences
husband                       18 occurrences
benghazi                      18 occurrences
gag                           18 occurrences
pelosi                        18 occurrences
diplomatic                    18 occurrences
targeting                     18 occurrences
gun                           18 occurrences
schools                       18 occurrences
basically                     18 occurrences
wouldn                        18 occurrences
reached                       18 occurrences
subpoena                      18 occurrences
proposed                      18 occurrences
antitrump                     18 occurrences
workers                       18 occurrences
corrupt                       17 occurrences
conduct                       17 occurrences
testify                       17 occurrences
exactly                       17 occurrences
paying                        17 occurrences
offer                         17 occurrences
represents                    17 occurrences
responded                     17 occurrences
assad                         17 occurrences
dead                          17 occurrences
sitting                       17 occurrences
leave                         17 occurrences
immigrant                     17 occurrences
cuts                          17 occurrences
hatch                         17 occurrences
website                       17 occurrences
trade                         17 occurrences
spying                        17 occurrences
allowing                      17 occurrences
aides                         17 occurrences
require                       17 occurrences
appointed                     17 occurrences
posted                        17 occurrences
event                         17 occurrences
includes                      17 occurrences
commerce                      17 occurrences
affairs                       17 occurrences
possibly                      17 occurrences
required                      17 occurrences
marines                       17 occurrences
speaker                       17 occurrences
vladimir                      17 occurrences
tea                           17 occurrences
networks                      17 occurrences
upon                          17 occurrences
try                           17 occurrences
average                       17 occurrences
theft                         17 occurrences
eight                         17 occurrences
communications                17 occurrences
understand                    17 occurrences
pages                         17 occurrences
gone                          17 occurrences
mail                          17 occurrences
senators                      17 occurrences
payments                      17 occurrences
nunes                         17 occurrences
roughly                       17 occurrences
korean                        17 occurrences
half                          17 occurrences
finding                       17 occurrences
matters                       17 occurrences
committees                    17 occurrences
gang                          17 occurrences
changed                       17 occurrences
west                          17 occurrences
cair                          17 occurrences
whole                         17 occurrences
places                        17 occurrences
term                          17 occurrences
residents                     17 occurrences
fitton                        17 occurrences
jan                           17 occurrences
development                   16 occurrences
designed                      16 occurrences
turn                          16 occurrences
supporter                     16 occurrences
concern                       16 occurrences
hired                         16 occurrences
concerned                     16 occurrences
tenure                        16 occurrences
built                         16 occurrences
aren                          16 occurrences
worth                         16 occurrences
named                         16 occurrences
sides                         16 occurrences
whom                          16 occurrences
practice                      16 occurrences
prison                        16 occurrences
medical                       16 occurrences
lou                           16 occurrences
begin                         16 occurrences
felt                          16 occurrences
leaks                         16 occurrences
phone                         16 occurrences
drive                         16 occurrences
above                         16 occurrences
complete                      16 occurrences
nbc                           16 occurrences
specific                      16 occurrences
pick                          16 occurrences
david                         16 occurrences
range                         16 occurrences
attacked                      16 occurrences
bankruptcy                    16 occurrences
requirements                  16 occurrences
noted                         16 occurrences
applications                  16 occurrences
powell                        16 occurrences
threats                       16 occurrences
wheeler                       16 occurrences
opportunity                   16 occurrences
ban                           16 occurrences
funded                        16 occurrences
light                         16 occurrences
taxpayer                      16 occurrences
initiative                    16 occurrences
appears                       16 occurrences
employed                      16 occurrences
check                         16 occurrences
moving                        16 occurrences
rod                           16 occurrences
parents                       16 occurrences
published                     16 occurrences
truly                         16 occurrences
schumer                       16 occurrences
staffers                      16 occurrences
rowe                          16 occurrences
leading                       16 occurrences
final                         16 occurrences
baseball                      16 occurrences
common                        16 occurrences
critical                      16 occurrences
julian                        16 occurrences
surprised                     16 occurrences
unauthorized                  16 occurrences
fence                         16 occurrences
napolitano                    16 occurrences
driving                       16 occurrences
please                        16 occurrences
guccifer                      16 occurrences
wfb                           16 occurrences
growth                        16 occurrences
win                           16 occurrences
omnibus                       16 occurrences
flight                        16 occurrences
easter                        16 occurrences
targeted                      16 occurrences
powerful                      16 occurrences
aware                         15 occurrences
hungary                       15 occurrences
chicago                       15 occurrences
energy                        15 occurrences
advantage                     15 occurrences
confederate                   15 occurrences
kim                           15 occurrences
apparently                    15 occurrences
written                       15 occurrences
army                          15 occurrences
accord                        15 occurrences
medicaid                      15 occurrences
cities                        15 occurrences
discrimination                15 occurrences
memorandum                    15 occurrences
forces                        15 occurrences
fear                          15 occurrences
starting                      15 occurrences
killed                        15 occurrences
spicer                        15 occurrences
view                          15 occurrences
tucker                        15 occurrences
serving                       15 occurrences
annual                        15 occurrences
points                        15 occurrences
guys                          15 occurrences
mrs                           15 occurrences
seems                         15 occurrences
panel                         15 occurrences
investigator                  15 occurrences
announcement                  15 occurrences
remove                        15 occurrences
risk                          15 occurrences
longtime                      15 occurrences
protests                      15 occurrences
activity                      15 occurrences
largest                       15 occurrences
firing                        15 occurrences
judiciary                     15 occurrences
venezuela                     15 occurrences
peace                         15 occurrences
minutes                       15 occurrences
circa                         15 occurrences
bottom                        15 occurrences
paper                         15 occurrences
necessary                     15 occurrences
witnesses                     15 occurrences
aircraft                      15 occurrences
associates                    15 occurrences
clean                         15 occurrences
meetings                      15 occurrences
concerning                    15 occurrences
warrant                       15 occurrences
chuck                         15 occurrences
missiles                      15 occurrences
word                          15 occurrences
schultz                       15 occurrences
available                     15 occurrences
items                         15 occurrences
impeachment                   15 occurrences
choice                        15 occurrences
unless                        15 occurrences
ross                          15 occurrences
poor                          15 occurrences
grounds                       15 occurrences
epa                           15 occurrences
additional                    15 occurrences
gives                         15 occurrences
goal                          15 occurrences
terror                        15 occurrences
foia                          15 occurrences
armed                         15 occurrences
stolen                        15 occurrences
gov                           15 occurrences
form                          15 occurrences
higher                        15 occurrences
alleged                       15 occurrences
publicly                      15 occurrences
education                     15 occurrences
book                          15 occurrences
absolutely                    15 occurrences
looks                         15 occurrences
waters                        15 occurrences
presidentelect                15 occurrences
cars                          15 occurrences
controversy                   14 occurrences
harris                        14 occurrences
pointed                       14 occurrences
supported                     14 occurrences
rest                          14 occurrences
identity                      14 occurrences
sanctuary                     14 occurrences
toward                        14 occurrences
laptop                        14 occurrences
neil                          14 occurrences
property                      14 occurrences
diego                         14 occurrences
prove                         14 occurrences
suspect                       14 occurrences
anthony                       14 occurrences
cyber                         14 occurrences
helped                        14 occurrences
controversial                 14 occurrences
withheld                      14 occurrences
rally                         14 occurrences
ongoing                       14 occurrences
difficult                     14 occurrences
shut                          14 occurrences
treasury                      14 occurrences
fund                          14 occurrences
reuters                       14 occurrences
totally                       14 occurrences
sending                       14 occurrences
donated                       14 occurrences
lies                          14 occurrences
monuments                     14 occurrences
osf                           14 occurrences
produced                      14 occurrences
overseas                      14 occurrences
miles                         14 occurrences
favor                         14 occurrences
potential                     14 occurrences
screening                     14 occurrences
oklahoma                      14 occurrences
narrative                     14 occurrences
ready                         14 occurrences
podesta                       14 occurrences
searched                      14 occurrences
archives                      14 occurrences
expect                        14 occurrences
died                          14 occurrences
debate                        14 occurrences
certain                       14 occurrences
either                        14 occurrences
putting                       14 occurrences
aide                          14 occurrences
debbie                        14 occurrences
bit                           14 occurrences
presidency                    14 occurrences
legislation                   14 occurrences
allegations                   14 occurrences
castro                        14 occurrences
iranian                       14 occurrences
launch                        14 occurrences
politicians                   14 occurrences
son                           14 occurrences
subpoenas                     14 occurrences
conversation                  14 occurrences
soon                          14 occurrences
jersey                        14 occurrences
prior                         14 occurrences
companies                     14 occurrences
requests                      14 occurrences
loss                          14 occurrences
frank                         14 occurrences
page                          14 occurrences
conflict                      14 occurrences
partisan                      14 occurrences
learned                       14 occurrences
passed                        14 occurrences
oath                          14 occurrences
lady                          14 occurrences
god                           14 occurrences
management                    14 occurrences
creating                      14 occurrences
highly                        14 occurrences
purpose                       14 occurrences
borders                       14 occurrences
responsibility                14 occurrences
born                          14 occurrences
beginning                     14 occurrences
moved                         14 occurrences
vegas                         14 occurrences
third                         14 occurrences
parties                       14 occurrences
basis                         13 occurrences
conducted                     13 occurrences
counties                      13 occurrences
religious                     13 occurrences
heart                         13 occurrences
attorneys                     13 occurrences
greatest                      13 occurrences
ensure                        13 occurrences
unknown                       13 occurrences
crowd                         13 occurrences
proud                         13 occurrences
imagine                       13 occurrences
daughter                      13 occurrences
campaigning                   13 occurrences
sanctions                     13 occurrences
boxes                         13 occurrences
protection                    13 occurrences
approach                      13 occurrences
promote                       13 occurrences
concluded                     13 occurrences
lie                           13 occurrences
section                       13 occurrences
operation                     13 occurrences
jury                          13 occurrences
handle                        13 occurrences
sanders                       13 occurrences
argument                      13 occurrences
european                      13 occurrences
expand                        13 occurrences
disclosed                     13 occurrences
investigated                  13 occurrences
foxnews                       13 occurrences
ohio                          13 occurrences
duty                          13 occurrences
figure                        13 occurrences
notice                        13 occurrences
bush                          13 occurrences
partnership                   13 occurrences
surrounding                   13 occurrences
confirmed                     13 occurrences
engaged                       13 occurrences
oct                           13 occurrences
scheme                        13 occurrences
salaries                      13 occurrences
kill                          13 occurrences
campus                        13 occurrences
mission                       13 occurrences
interviewed                   13 occurrences
positive                      13 occurrences
potus                         13 occurrences
pressure                      13 occurrences
play                          13 occurrences
december                      13 occurrences
argued                        13 occurrences
series                        13 occurrences
robbery                       13 occurrences
spokeswoman                   13 occurrences
shooter                       13 occurrences
allegedly                     13 occurrences
car                           13 occurrences
resources                     13 occurrences
accessed                      13 occurrences
beyond                        13 occurrences
scheduled                     13 occurrences
career                        13 occurrences
block                         13 occurrences
connection                    13 occurrences
accounts                      13 occurrences
hurricane                     13 occurrences
price                         13 occurrences
visas                         13 occurrences
migrants                      13 occurrences
prime                         13 occurrences
egg                           13 occurrences
gathered                      13 occurrences
interviews                    13 occurrences
create                        13 occurrences
located                       13 occurrences
sovereign                     13 occurrences
opinion                       13 occurrences
journal                       13 occurrences
tower                         13 occurrences
save                          13 occurrences
positions                     13 occurrences
rate                          13 occurrences
arizona                       13 occurrences
puerto                        13 occurrences
considered                    13 occurrences
longer                        13 occurrences
constitutional                13 occurrences
couple                        13 occurrences
unmasked                      13 occurrences
helping                       13 occurrences
occurred                      13 occurrences
veselnitskaya                 13 occurrences
short                         13 occurrences
break                         13 occurrences
credit                        13 occurrences
effect                        13 occurrences
ruled                         13 occurrences
prepared                      13 occurrences
attempting                    13 occurrences
avoid                         13 occurrences
game                          13 occurrences
biden                         13 occurrences
voice                         13 occurrences
investigations                13 occurrences
proposal                      13 occurrences
training                      13 occurrences
prosecutors                   13 occurrences
intruder                      13 occurrences
card                          13 occurrences
send                          13 occurrences
study                         12 occurrences
stuff                         12 occurrences
involvement                   12 occurrences
managed                       12 occurrences
manager                       12 occurrences
electronic                    12 occurrences
intended                      12 occurrences
worst                         12 occurrences
continuing                    12 occurrences
discussion                    12 occurrences
claiming                      12 occurrences
author                        12 occurrences
protecting                    12 occurrences
citing                        12 occurrences
hanging                       12 occurrences
itself                        12 occurrences
environmental                 12 occurrences
shocked                       12 occurrences
planned                       12 occurrences
buzzfeed                      12 occurrences
industry                      12 occurrences
conversations                 12 occurrences
qaeda                         12 occurrences
visa                          12 occurrences
circumstances                 12 occurrences
conspiracy                    12 occurrences
appear                        12 occurrences
finance                       12 occurrences
establishment                 12 occurrences
site                          12 occurrences
dealing                       12 occurrences
mostly                        12 occurrences
nor                           12 occurrences
associate                     12 occurrences
activist                      12 occurrences
ultimately                    12 occurrences
signs                         12 occurrences
airport                       12 occurrences
provides                      12 occurrences
grassley                      12 occurrences
resettle                      12 occurrences
select                        12 occurrences
reference                     12 occurrences
msnbc                         12 occurrences
remain                        12 occurrences
disturbing                    12 occurrences
owner                         12 occurrences
strength                      12 occurrences
foxandfriends                 12 occurrences
central                       12 occurrences
forget                        12 occurrences
ballot                        12 occurrences
reach                         12 occurrences
promised                      12 occurrences
chip                          12 occurrences
add                           12 occurrences
leaving                       12 occurrences
reportedly                    12 occurrences
players                       12 occurrences
square                        12 occurrences
fill                          12 occurrences
committed                     12 occurrences
reveal                        12 occurrences
summer                        12 occurrences
approval                      12 occurrences
amazing                       12 occurrences
democracy                     12 occurrences
mother                        12 occurrences
protesters                    12 occurrences
sovereignty                   12 occurrences
ruling                        12 occurrences
secure                        12 occurrences
couldn                        12 occurrences
buy                           12 occurrences
piece                         12 occurrences
potentially                   12 occurrences
warned                        12 occurrences
legislative                   12 occurrences
billions                      12 occurrences
opening                       12 occurrences
truck                         12 occurrences
alabama                       12 occurrences
notified                      12 occurrences
manafort                      12 occurrences
terry                         12 occurrences
defeat                        12 occurrences
targets                       12 occurrences
sold                          12 occurrences
knowledge                     12 occurrences
rosatom                       12 occurrences
client                        12 occurrences
playing                       12 occurrences
liberty                       12 occurrences
reporters                     12 occurrences
testifying                    12 occurrences
governments                   12 occurrences
lois                          12 occurrences
herself                       12 occurrences
race                          12 occurrences
treatment                     12 occurrences
sale                          12 occurrences
usa                           12 occurrences
promise                       12 occurrences
reduce                        12 occurrences
representative                12 occurrences
whatever                      12 occurrences
kerry                         12 occurrences
floor                         12 occurrences
socalled                      12 occurrences
nutrition                     12 occurrences
hacked                        12 occurrences
fun                           12 occurrences
increase                      12 occurrences
obtained                      12 occurrences
authorized                    12 occurrences
weiner                        12 occurrences
compromised                   12 occurrences
mass                          12 occurrences
sentenced                     12 occurrences
aggressive                    12 occurrences
attended                      12 occurrences
joined                        12 occurrences
carlson                       12 occurrences
reality                       12 occurrences
tweets                        12 occurrences
respond                       12 occurrences
behalf                        12 occurrences
hasn                          12 occurrences
recipients                    12 occurrences
jamal                         12 occurrences
fair                          12 occurrences
dirty                         12 occurrences
threatened                    12 occurrences
fast                          12 occurrences
east                          12 occurrences
employment                    12 occurrences
entered                       12 occurrences
greater                       12 occurrences
advance                       12 occurrences
basic                         11 occurrences
identify                      11 occurrences
steps                         11 occurrences
scary                         11 occurrences
raise                         11 occurrences
streets                       11 occurrences
economy                       11 occurrences
choose                        11 occurrences
deliver                       11 occurrences
proof                         11 occurrences
works                         11 occurrences
blocked                       11 occurrences
prohibits                     11 occurrences
remarks                       11 occurrences
ability                       11 occurrences
arms                          11 occurrences
failure                       11 occurrences
conclusion                    11 occurrences
removal                       11 occurrences
handling                      11 occurrences
pushing                       11 occurrences
currently                     11 occurrences
resettlement                  11 occurrences
stands                        11 occurrences
alarms                        11 occurrences
joseph                        11 occurrences
particular                    11 occurrences
feet                          11 occurrences
murdered                      11 occurrences
presence                      11 occurrences
western                       11 occurrences
hurt                          11 occurrences
simple                        11 occurrences
appropriate                   11 occurrences
stores                        11 occurrences
photo                         11 occurrences
penalty                       11 occurrences
foundations                   11 occurrences
adding                        11 occurrences
appeal                        11 occurrences
talks                         11 occurrences
invitation                    11 occurrences
recording                     11 occurrences
appearance                    11 occurrences
partner                       11 occurrences
stream                        11 occurrences
throughout                    11 occurrences
nevada                        11 occurrences
considering                   11 occurrences
scaramucci                    11 occurrences
transfer                      11 occurrences
politico                      11 occurrences
kids                          11 occurrences
electors                      11 occurrences
link                          11 occurrences
welfare                       11 occurrences
beautiful                     11 occurrences
okay                          11 occurrences
privilege                     11 occurrences
illegally                     11 occurrences
replace                       11 occurrences
gorka                         11 occurrences
associated                    11 occurrences
announcer                     11 occurrences
aid                           11 occurrences
cited                         11 occurrences
tweet                         11 occurrences
prosecutor                    11 occurrences
stunning                      11 occurrences
collected                     11 occurrences
wonder                        11 occurrences
bow                           11 occurrences
brown                         11 occurrences
guess                         11 occurrences
normal                        11 occurrences
modern                        11 occurrences
ceo                           11 occurrences
extended                      11 occurrences
obtaining                     11 occurrences
statue                        11 occurrences
determine                     11 occurrences
online                        11 occurrences
diversity                     11 occurrences
terms                         11 occurrences
orders                        11 occurrences
strange                       11 occurrences
granted                       11 occurrences
device                        11 occurrences
pursue                        11 occurrences
investigative                 11 occurrences
french                        11 occurrences
explained                     11 occurrences
newly                         11 occurrences
literally                     11 occurrences
followed                      11 occurrences
sought                        11 occurrences
ticket                        11 occurrences
patdown                       11 occurrences
massachusetts                 11 occurrences
weekend                       11 occurrences
liberals                      11 occurrences
navy                          11 occurrences
prosperity                    11 occurrences
picked                        11 occurrences
code                          11 occurrences
tradition                     11 occurrences
lawn                          11 occurrences
smart                         11 occurrences
maria                         11 occurrences
copy                          11 occurrences
capital                       11 occurrences
decisions                     11 occurrences
fiscal                        11 occurrences
angeles                       11 occurrences
happening                     11 occurrences
walking                       11 occurrences
courts                        11 occurrences
blasio                        11 occurrences
threaten                      11 occurrences
charlottesville               11 occurrences
reporting                     11 occurrences
region                        11 occurrences
relationship                  11 occurrences
strategy                      11 occurrences
particularly                  11 occurrences
date                          11 occurrences
sell                          11 occurrences
investment                    11 occurrences
combat                        11 occurrences
nonprofit                     11 occurrences
unconstitutional              11 occurrences
cuomo                         11 occurrences
base                          11 occurrences
isbr                          10 occurrences
marine                        10 occurrences
drop                          10 occurrences
heavy                         10 occurrences
opened                        10 occurrences
analysis                      10 occurrences
declined                      10 occurrences
memorial                      10 occurrences
apart                         10 occurrences
opposed                       10 occurrences
kept                          10 occurrences
smaller                       10 occurrences
simpson                       10 occurrences
las                           10 occurrences
carried                       10 occurrences
contacts                      10 occurrences
benefit                       10 occurrences
forced                        10 occurrences
los                           10 occurrences
decades                       10 occurrences
neighborhood                  10 occurrences
chose                         10 occurrences
audio                         10 occurrences
competitive                   10 occurrences
collusion                     10 occurrences
reckless                      10 occurrences
tied                          10 occurrences
deny                          10 occurrences
beat                          10 occurrences
sick                          10 occurrences
rico                          10 occurrences
consequences                  10 occurrences
various                       10 occurrences
admitted                      10 occurrences
environment                   10 occurrences
inauguration                  10 occurrences
shocking                      10 occurrences
propaganda                    10 occurrences
strikes                       10 occurrences
dozen                         10 occurrences
labor                         10 occurrences
maintained                    10 occurrences
yards                         10 occurrences
pruitt                        10 occurrences
mind                          10 occurrences
institute                     10 occurrences
brother                       10 occurrences
owned                         10 occurrences
infrastructure                10 occurrences
flint                         10 occurrences
jill                          10 occurrences
bundy                         10 occurrences
played                        10 occurrences
iraqi                         10 occurrences
bunny                         10 occurrences
sheriff                       10 occurrences
manner                        10 occurrences
politically                   10 occurrences
convenience                   10 occurrences
abc                           10 occurrences
hire                          10 occurrences
stories                       10 occurrences
ahead                         10 occurrences
insisted                      10 occurrences
lived                         10 occurrences
wounded                       10 occurrences
famous                        10 occurrences
bias                          10 occurrences
dirt                          10 occurrences
thinking                      10 occurrences
hurting                       10 occurrences
bin                           10 occurrences
australia                     10 occurrences
remains                       10 occurrences
requires                      10 occurrences
undercover                    10 occurrences
republic                      10 occurrences
replacement                   10 occurrences
cbs                           10 occurrences
peter                         10 occurrences
donors                        10 occurrences
burden                        10 occurrences
kennedy                       10 occurrences
connected                     10 occurrences
credits                       10 occurrences
condition                     10 occurrences
population                    10 occurrences
homeland                      10 occurrences
focused                       10 occurrences
removing                      10 occurrences
success                       10 occurrences
attempts                      10 occurrences
ballots                       10 occurrences
ways                          10 occurrences
possibility                   10 occurrences
seeing                        10 occurrences
criticized                    10 occurrences
meals                         10 occurrences
guardian                      10 occurrences
standard                      10 occurrences
carrying                      10 occurrences
rand                          10 occurrences
obstruction                   10 occurrences
determined                    10 occurrences
extremely                     10 occurrences
path                          10 occurrences
trip                          10 occurrences
operations                    10 occurrences
eventually                    10 occurrences
dallas                        10 occurrences
complaint                     10 occurrences
racial                        10 occurrences
usda                          10 occurrences
land                          10 occurrences
jail                          10 occurrences
stating                       10 occurrences
enjoy                         10 occurrences
conn                          10 occurrences
bomb                          10 occurrences
transportation                10 occurrences
epic                          10 occurrences
suggested                     10 occurrences
violation                     10 occurrences
completely                    10 occurrences
tehran                        10 occurrences
changes                       10 occurrences
ice                           10 occurrences
mexican                       10 occurrences
salary                        10 occurrences
maxine                        10 occurrences
movement                      10 occurrences
officially                    10 occurrences
test                          10 occurrences
lincoln                       10 occurrences
primary                       10 occurrences
credibility                   10 occurrences
express                       9 occurrences
identification                9 occurrences
experts                       9 occurrences
browder                       9 occurrences
representing                  9 occurrences
concert                       9 occurrences
ideology                      9 occurrences
culture                       9 occurrences
cotton                        9 occurrences
leak                          9 occurrences
confront                      9 occurrences
unclear                       9 occurrences
portion                       9 occurrences
brian                         9 occurrences
usual                         9 occurrences
mosque                        9 occurrences
brief                         9 occurrences
minimum                       9 occurrences
everybody                     9 occurrences
thomas                        9 occurrences
aclu                          9 occurrences
obvious                       9 occurrences
permanent                     9 occurrences
llorente                      9 occurrences
computers                     9 occurrences
illinois                      9 occurrences
incredible                    9 occurrences
low                           9 occurrences
discovered                    9 occurrences
handed                        9 occurrences
dictator                      9 occurrences
larger                        9 occurrences
holding                       9 occurrences
closely                       9 occurrences
progress                      9 occurrences
forever                       9 occurrences
quite                         9 occurrences
advised                       9 occurrences
entitled                      9 occurrences
payroll                       9 occurrences
audit                         9 occurrences
wilbur                        9 occurrences
wisconsin                     9 occurrences
bribery                       9 occurrences
advisor                       9 occurrences
devices                       9 occurrences
directly                      9 occurrences
underway                      9 occurrences
plane                         9 occurrences
hollen                        9 occurrences
scene                         9 occurrences
witch                         9 occurrences
nfl                           9 occurrences
definition                    9 occurrences
guard                         9 occurrences
evil                          9 occurrences
laundering                    9 occurrences
nov                           9 occurrences
diplomats                     9 occurrences
suspicious                    9 occurrences
safety                        9 occurrences
transition                    9 occurrences
arrived                       9 occurrences
legislature                   9 occurrences
grand                         9 occurrences
melania                       9 occurrences
tarmac                        9 occurrences
awesome                       9 occurrences
biased                        9 occurrences
bombshell                     9 occurrences
notes                         9 occurrences
expressed                     9 occurrences
jason                         9 occurrences
communist                     9 occurrences
belief                        9 occurrences
saved                         9 occurrences
dignity                       9 occurrences
mulvaney                      9 occurrences
original                      9 occurrences
adopted                       9 occurrences
chris                         9 occurrences
missing                       9 occurrences
hijazi                        9 occurrences
innocent                      9 occurrences
coverage                      9 occurrences
orleans                       9 occurrences
purchase                      9 occurrences
input                         9 occurrences
thanks                        9 occurrences
ads                           9 occurrences
powers                        9 occurrences
laden                         9 occurrences
maryland                      9 occurrences
coordinated                   9 occurrences
broken                        9 occurrences
conflicts                     9 occurrences
sector                        9 occurrences
purposes                      9 occurrences
accept                        9 occurrences
violate                       9 occurrences
baltimore                     9 occurrences
expert                        9 occurrences
cards                         9 occurrences
inaugural                     9 occurrences
jumping                       9 occurrences
contains                      9 occurrences
minority                      9 occurrences
shortly                       9 occurrences
chambers                      9 occurrences
consider                      9 occurrences
parts                         9 occurrences
rex                           9 occurrences
employee                      9 occurrences
saidread                      9 occurrences
thedcnf                       9 occurrences
founding                      9 occurrences
tactics                       9 occurrences
quote                         9 occurrences
houses                        9 occurrences
sea                           9 occurrences
sex                           9 occurrences
displayed                     9 occurrences
sht                           9 occurrences
bernie                        9 occurrences
sit                           9 occurrences
mukasey                       9 occurrences
abuse                         9 occurrences
leaking                       9 occurrences
trust                         9 occurrences
ones                          9 occurrences
haiti                         9 occurrences
rhetoric                      9 occurrences
confidence                    9 occurrences
payment                       9 occurrences
questioning                   9 occurrences
roll                          9 occurrences
resolution                    9 occurrences
quickly                       9 occurrences
launched                      9 occurrences
construction                  9 occurrences
corporate                     9 occurrences
oversight                     9 occurrences
findings                      9 occurrences
parade                        9 occurrences
tsa                           9 occurrences
miami                         9 occurrences
reddit                        9 occurrences
rulings                       9 occurrences
requested                     9 occurrences
examples                      9 occurrences
answers                       9 occurrences
strzok                        9 occurrences
blow                          9 occurrences
info                          9 occurrences
fan                           9 occurrences
substantial                   9 occurrences
vehicles                      9 occurrences
defended                      9 occurrences
lose                          9 occurrences
hiring                        9 occurrences
wearing                       9 occurrences
model                         9 occurrences
resident                      9 occurrences
hacker                        9 occurrences
crisis                        9 occurrences
haley                         9 occurrences
institutions                  9 occurrences
historic                      9 occurrences
watching                      9 occurrences
verdict                       9 occurrences
child                         9 occurrences
views                         9 occurrences
direction                     9 occurrences
golf                          9 occurrences
gen                           9 occurrences
hour                          9 occurrences
happens                       9 occurrences
assassination                 9 occurrences
follow                        9 occurrences
shown                         9 occurrences
supporting                    9 occurrences
bidding                       9 occurrences
jack                          9 occurrences
wealth                        9 occurrences
highest                       9 occurrences
passengers                    9 occurrences
developing                    9 occurrences
contracts                     9 occurrences
planning                      9 occurrences
limit                         9 occurrences
bipartisan                    9 occurrences
hot                           9 occurrences
boss                          9 occurrences
unbelievable                  9 occurrences
terminated                    9 occurrences
peaceful                      9 occurrences
harm                          9 occurrences
nobody                        9 occurrences
decide                        9 occurrences
covering                      9 occurrences
natalia                       9 occurrences
stay                          9 occurrences
shouldn                       9 occurrences
daca                          9 occurrences
wheels                        9 occurrences
victoria                      9 occurrences
aimed                         9 occurrences
accountable                   9 occurrences
billionaire                   9 occurrences
seem                          9 occurrences
sept                          9 occurrences
italian                       8 occurrences
rude                          8 occurrences
existence                     8 occurrences
hoping                        8 occurrences
discussed                     8 occurrences
eric                          8 occurrences
looked                        8 occurrences
outdoors                      8 occurrences
commitment                    8 occurrences
destroyed                     8 occurrences
passage                       8 occurrences
reviewed                      8 occurrences
attempted                     8 occurrences
mentioned                     8 occurrences
cross                         8 occurrences
spend                         8 occurrences
happy                         8 occurrences
drug                          8 occurrences
successfully                  8 occurrences
sobbing                       8 occurrences
collins                       8 occurrences
background                    8 occurrences
hollywood                     8 occurrences
command                       8 occurrences
weapon                        8 occurrences
sound                         8 occurrences
addition                      8 occurrences
expose                        8 occurrences
eligible                      8 occurrences
colleagues                    8 occurrences
subpoenaed                    8 occurrences
patriot                       8 occurrences
cuban                         8 occurrences
atlanta                       8 occurrences
measures                      8 occurrences
extreme                       8 occurrences
attacking                     8 occurrences
levels                        8 occurrences
upcoming                      8 occurrences
wide                          8 occurrences
remaining                     8 occurrences
crazy                         8 occurrences
adults                        8 occurrences
gonna                         8 occurrences
effective                     8 occurrences
fuel                          8 occurrences
quietly                       8 occurrences
regulation                    8 occurrences
guns                          8 occurrences
demands                       8 occurrences
wish                          8 occurrences
protected                     8 occurrences
opinions                      8 occurrences
learn                         8 occurrences
importantly                   8 occurrences
prominent                     8 occurrences
mnuchin                       8 occurrences
increased                     8 occurrences
threatening                   8 occurrences
although                      8 occurrences
disclosure                    8 occurrences
conditions                    8 occurrences
pompeo                        8 occurrences
windows                       8 occurrences
traditional                   8 occurrences
revoked                       8 occurrences
friendship                    8 occurrences
professional                  8 occurrences
instance                      8 occurrences
size                          8 occurrences
resigned                      8 occurrences
rise                          8 occurrences
bridges                       8 occurrences
chosen                        8 occurrences
track                         8 occurrences
welcome                       8 occurrences
nice                          8 occurrences
anthem                        8 occurrences
heritage                      8 occurrences
founders                      8 occurrences
testified                     8 occurrences
eggs                          8 occurrences
detention                     8 occurrences
assembly                      8 occurrences
phones                        8 occurrences
carolina                      8 occurrences
expansion                     8 occurrences
neither                       8 occurrences
serves                        8 occurrences
violations                    8 occurrences
goals                         8 occurrences
struck                        8 occurrences
waste                         8 occurrences
deeply                        8 occurrences
values                        8 occurrences
sometimes                     8 occurrences
fought                        8 occurrences
migration                     8 occurrences
enlist                        8 occurrences
revealing                     8 occurrences
ripped                        8 occurrences
fully                         8 occurrences
alert                         8 occurrences
resistance                    8 occurrences
closing                       8 occurrences
closed                        8 occurrences
fellow                        8 occurrences
slammed                       8 occurrences
somebody                      8 occurrences
challenges                    8 occurrences
bigger                        8 occurrences
atf                           8 occurrences
ended                         8 occurrences
ave                           8 occurrences
obtain                        8 occurrences
grants                        8 occurrences
joint                         8 occurrences
critics                       8 occurrences
banned                        8 occurrences
sensors                       8 occurrences
plot                          8 occurrences
acted                         8 occurrences
singlepayer                   8 occurrences
carry                         8 occurrences
memos                         8 occurrences
contact                       8 occurrences
questioned                    8 occurrences
jarrett                       8 occurrences
box                           8 occurrences
boy                           8 occurrences
cooperation                   8 occurrences
organized                     8 occurrences
defendants                    8 occurrences
behavior                      8 occurrences
carter                        8 occurrences
prevented                     8 occurrences
fishing                       8 occurrences
enemy                         8 occurrences
option                        8 occurrences
solve                         8 occurrences
leaves                        8 occurrences
ceremony                      8 occurrences
espionage                     8 occurrences
charitable                    8 occurrences
wolf                          8 occurrences
afraid                        8 occurrences
overseeing                    8 occurrences
earth                         8 occurrences
desperate                     8 occurrences
smu                           8 occurrences
todd                          8 occurrences
violated                      8 occurrences
becoming                      8 occurrences
gather                        8 occurrences
everywhere                    8 occurrences
anonymity                     8 occurrences
lawsuits                      8 occurrences
successful                    8 occurrences
tons                          8 occurrences
bowhunting                    8 occurrences
tough                         8 occurrences
die                           8 occurrences
equipment                     8 occurrences
reject                        8 occurrences
mystery                       8 occurrences
dealings                      8 occurrences
agreements                    8 occurrences
inclusion                     8 occurrences
tie                           8 occurrences
storm                         8 occurrences
orban                         8 occurrences
exist                         8 occurrences
radio                         8 occurrences
admissions                    8 occurrences
troops                        8 occurrences
chaffetz                      8 occurrences
outrageous                    8 occurrences
river                         8 occurrences
swamp                         8 occurrences
blue                          8 occurrences
indicate                      8 occurrences
commit                        8 occurrences
uncomfortable                 8 occurrences
female                        8 occurrences
oregon                        8 occurrences
france                        8 occurrences
retired                       8 occurrences
honor                         8 occurrences
stronger                      8 occurrences
twice                         8 occurrences
stage                         8 occurrences
enterprise                    8 occurrences
wray                          8 occurrences
holder                        8 occurrences
traffic                       8 occurrences
join                          8 occurrences
criteria                      8 occurrences
socialist                     8 occurrences
bringing                      8 occurrences
lawmaker                      8 occurrences
experience                    8 occurrences
michigan                      8 occurrences
karen                         8 occurrences
suffering                     8 occurrences
meanwhile                     8 occurrences
disappointed                  8 occurrences
accepting                     8 occurrences
voices                        8 occurrences
permission                    8 occurrences
gdp                           8 occurrences
sense                         8 occurrences
lack                          8 occurrences
male                          8 occurrences
matt                          8 occurrences
mikerin                       8 occurrences
proper                        8 occurrences
pray                          8 occurrences
germany                       8 occurrences
flake                         8 occurrences
tensions                      8 occurrences
populist                      8 occurrences
boat                          8 occurrences
supports                      8 occurrences
scalia                        8 occurrences
racism                        8 occurrences
alinsky                       8 occurrences
core                          8 occurrences
bond                          8 occurrences
colin                         8 occurrences
walls                         8 occurrences
somehow                       8 occurrences
viewed                        8 occurrences
commissioned                  8 occurrences
publish                       8 occurrences
negotiate                     8 occurrences
keeps                         8 occurrences
engage                        8 occurrences
foreigners                    8 occurrences
patriots                      8 occurrences
instructed                    8 occurrences
rising                        8 occurrences
replied                       8 occurrences
iraq                          8 occurrences
easy                          8 occurrences
display                       8 occurrences
campaigns                     8 occurrences
hiding                        8 occurrences
keeping                       8 occurrences
bless                         8 occurrences
delivered                     8 occurrences
robbin                        8 occurrences
sununu                        8 occurrences
uncovered                     8 occurrences
dedicated                     8 occurrences
suspended                     7 occurrences
moments                       7 occurrences
suit                          7 occurrences
compromise                    7 occurrences
vulnerable                    7 occurrences
usually                       7 occurrences
gchq                          7 occurrences
runs                          7 occurrences
admit                         7 occurrences
eastern                       7 occurrences
doctor                        7 occurrences
procedure                     7 occurrences
relevant                      7 occurrences
speed                         7 occurrences
integrity                     7 occurrences
decides                       7 occurrences
rejected                      7 occurrences
performed                     7 occurrences
hotel                         7 occurrences
formally                      7 occurrences
extraordinary                 7 occurrences
transcript                    7 occurrences
providing                     7 occurrences
indeed                        7 occurrences
worried                       7 occurrences
damage                        7 occurrences
japan                         7 occurrences
originally                    7 occurrences
hospital                      7 occurrences
options                       7 occurrences
location                      7 occurrences
impact                        7 occurrences
obviously                     7 occurrences
protestors                    7 occurrences
suicide                       7 occurrences
dated                         7 occurrences
external                      7 occurrences
movements                     7 occurrences
encourage                     7 occurrences
gear                          7 occurrences
asks                          7 occurrences
dismissed                     7 occurrences
segment                       7 occurrences
types                         7 occurrences
operating                     7 occurrences
diverse                       7 occurrences
spread                        7 occurrences
archery                       7 occurrences
detail                        7 occurrences
taylor                        7 occurrences
adam                          7 occurrences
leftist                       7 occurrences
huma                          7 occurrences
enemies                       7 occurrences
purge                         7 occurrences
suspected                     7 occurrences
recorded                      7 occurrences
hysterical                    7 occurrences
ignored                       7 occurrences
communities                   7 occurrences
devin                         7 occurrences
hedge                         7 occurrences
facing                        7 occurrences
jonathan                      7 occurrences
improper                      7 occurrences
emergency                     7 occurrences
schedule                      7 occurrences
easier                        7 occurrences
motivated                     7 occurrences
confirm                       7 occurrences
inquiries                     7 occurrences
easily                        7 occurrences
undermine                     7 occurrences
spouse                        7 occurrences
davis                         7 occurrences
christie                      7 occurrences
window                        7 occurrences
seven                         7 occurrences
labels                        7 occurrences
supplies                      7 occurrences
duties                        7 occurrences
returned                      7 occurrences
veterans                      7 occurrences
progressive                   7 occurrences
setting                       7 occurrences
mick                          7 occurrences
guidance                      7 occurrences
arrest                        7 occurrences
exposing                      7 occurrences
horrible                      7 occurrences
exemption                     7 occurrences
affected                      7 occurrences
divisive                      7 occurrences
turns                         7 occurrences
effectively                   7 occurrences
attend                        7 occurrences
vargas                        7 occurrences
announcing                    7 occurrences
antifa                        7 occurrences
difference                    7 occurrences
unmask                        7 occurrences
forcing                       7 occurrences
tanks                         7 occurrences
extend                        7 occurrences
blocking                      7 occurrences
appointee                     7 occurrences
cernovich                     7 occurrences
aaron                         7 occurrences
rosen                         7 occurrences
caused                        7 occurrences
amounts                       7 occurrences
repeated                      7 occurrences
figures                       7 occurrences
accessing                     7 occurrences
saidthe                       7 occurrences
walked                        7 occurrences
lower                         7 occurrences
microchip                     7 occurrences
giant                         7 occurrences
african                       7 occurrences
offended                      7 occurrences
afghanistan                   7 occurrences
amnesty                       7 occurrences
ann                           7 occurrences
fisa                          7 occurrences
backed                        7 occurrences
estate                        7 occurrences
honestly                      7 occurrences
letters                       7 occurrences
plea                          7 occurrences
broad                         7 occurrences
preserve                      7 occurrences
nasty                         7 occurrences
wallet                        7 occurrences
entry                         7 occurrences
appeals                       7 occurrences
congressmen                   7 occurrences
seconds                       7 occurrences
rid                           7 occurrences
unit                          7 occurrences
asian                         7 occurrences
application                   7 occurrences
kremlin                       7 occurrences
cap                           7 occurrences
accusing                      7 occurrences
requirement                   7 occurrences
undocumented                  7 occurrences
sat                           7 occurrences
cop                           7 occurrences
filled                        7 occurrences
drone                         7 occurrences
regulatory                    7 occurrences
inappropriate                 7 occurrences
catch                         7 occurrences
horrific                      7 occurrences
unable                        7 occurrences
sun                           7 occurrences
mcconnell                     7 occurrences
miller                        7 occurrences
demanded                      7 occurrences
prayer                        7 occurrences
grifters                      7 occurrences
suddenly                      7 occurrences
procedures                    7 occurrences
onto                          7 occurrences
ablebodied                    7 occurrences
anywhere                      7 occurrences
logical                       7 occurrences
discredit                     7 occurrences
hosted                        7 occurrences
understood                    7 occurrences
camera                        7 occurrences
destruction                   7 occurrences
super                         7 occurrences
tests                         7 occurrences
killing                       7 occurrences
initially                     7 occurrences
ironic                        7 occurrences
planet                        7 occurrences
rifle                         7 occurrences
rival                         7 occurrences
club                          7 occurrences
flotus                        7 occurrences
advocates                     7 occurrences
brilliant                     7 occurrences
myself                        7 occurrences
neighbors                     7 occurrences
departure                     7 occurrences
desire                        7 occurrences
brooks                        7 occurrences
anymore                       7 occurrences
institution                   7 occurrences
unprecedented                 7 occurrences
alvi                          7 occurrences
tape                          7 occurrences
judges                        7 occurrences
andwhereas                    7 occurrences
resolve                       7 occurrences
holiday                       7 occurrences
fit                           7 occurrences
fix                           7 occurrences
pact                          7 occurrences
victory                       7 occurrences
contents                      7 occurrences
nomination                    7 occurrences
meddling                      7 occurrences
revelation                    7 occurrences
buying                        7 occurrences
surge                         7 occurrences
outcome                       7 occurrences
andy                          7 occurrences
trouble                       7 occurrences
shoot                         7 occurrences
laid                          7 occurrences
visits                        7 occurrences
worldwide                     7 occurrences
shots                         7 occurrences
referring                     7 occurrences
concrete                      7 occurrences
nikki                         7 occurrences
administrators                7 occurrences
assets                        7 occurrences
anybody                       7 occurrences
woods                         7 occurrences
represent                     7 occurrences
relief                        7 occurrences
cooper                        7 occurrences
mitch                         7 occurrences
lobbying                      7 occurrences
capable                       7 occurrences
eliminate                     7 occurrences
immediate                     7 occurrences
hadn                          7 occurrences
provision                     7 occurrences
hhs                           7 occurrences
christian                     7 occurrences
ownership                     7 occurrences
hackers                       7 occurrences
indicted                      7 occurrences
forms                         7 occurrences
violating                     7 occurrences
exposed                       7 occurrences
hearings                      7 occurrences
fall                          7 occurrences
appropriations                7 occurrences
gotten                        7 occurrences
shape                         7 occurrences
offensive                     7 occurrences
toilet                        7 occurrences
registration                  7 occurrences
religion                      7 occurrences
breach                        7 occurrences
lines                         7 occurrences
pentagon                      7 occurrences
servers                       7 occurrences
criminals                     7 occurrences
funneled                      7 occurrences
protester                     7 occurrences
columbia                      7 occurrences
irma                          7 occurrences
township                      7 occurrences
license                       7 occurrences
tens                          7 occurrences
placed                        7 occurrences
rolls                         7 occurrences
ball                          7 occurrences
pledge                        7 occurrences
columbus                      7 occurrences
affect                        7 occurrences
sued                          7 occurrences
text                          7 occurrences
appointees                    6 occurrences
indictment                    6 occurrences
grow                          6 occurrences
favorite                      6 occurrences
veto                          6 occurrences
furious                       6 occurrences
draw                          6 occurrences
theories                      6 occurrences
maduro                        6 occurrences
returning                     6 occurrences
drew                          6 occurrences
joining                       6 occurrences
highranking                   6 occurrences
outlets                       6 occurrences
alone                         6 occurrences
hosts                         6 occurrences
stuart                        6 occurrences
antiamerican                  6 occurrences
cspan                         6 occurrences
generous                      6 occurrences
fathers                       6 occurrences
delivering                    6 occurrences
exempted                      6 occurrences
covert                        6 occurrences
discussing                    6 occurrences
fourth                        6 occurrences
reforms                       6 occurrences
whip                          6 occurrences
fouryear                      6 occurrences
insists                       6 occurrences
faced                         6 occurrences
estimated                     6 occurrences
christmas                     6 occurrences
struggling                    6 occurrences
accomplish                    6 occurrences
nancy                         6 occurrences
mainstream                    6 occurrences
measured                      6 occurrences
incredibly                    6 occurrences
feigin                        6 occurrences
humanitarian                  6 occurrences
owners                        6 occurrences
turning                       6 occurrences
elementary                    6 occurrences
waiting                       6 occurrences
feed                          6 occurrences
nominated                     6 occurrences
legally                       6 occurrences
leads                         6 occurrences
priebus                       6 occurrences
google                        6 occurrences
btch                          6 occurrences
duarte                        6 occurrences
compound                      6 occurrences
identities                    6 occurrences
actual                        6 occurrences
competition                   6 occurrences
afternoon                     6 occurrences
wire                          6 occurrences
raising                       6 occurrences
massacre                      6 occurrences
agriculture                   6 occurrences
prosperous                    6 occurrences
urged                         6 occurrences
directed                      6 occurrences
suing                         6 occurrences
kicked                        6 occurrences
arrivals                      6 occurrences
recognize                     6 occurrences
abortion                      6 occurrences
collection                    6 occurrences
emerged                       6 occurrences
nda                           6 occurrences
aldean                        6 occurrences
globe                         6 occurrences
challenge                     6 occurrences
lifeline                      6 occurrences
gridlock                      6 occurrences
demand                        6 occurrences
towards                       6 occurrences
largely                       6 occurrences
chain                         6 occurrences
exercise                      6 occurrences
reflect                       6 occurrences
thickens                      6 occurrences
painting                      6 occurrences
secular                       6 occurrences
hopefully                     6 occurrences
deported                      6 occurrences
reportedthe                   6 occurrences
label                         6 occurrences
nyp                           6 occurrences
interested                    6 occurrences
games                         6 occurrences
preparing                     6 occurrences
lecture                       6 occurrences
andor                         6 occurrences
unhinged                      6 occurrences
failing                       6 occurrences
lift                          6 occurrences
clothes                       6 occurrences
babies                        6 occurrences
decline                       6 occurrences
wrongdoing                    6 occurrences
drudge                        6 occurrences
pursuing                      6 occurrences
nationalists                  6 occurrences
arabia                        6 occurrences
developed                     6 occurrences
king                          6 occurrences
prompted                      6 occurrences
responsive                    6 occurrences
bunch                         6 occurrences
mills                         6 occurrences
gangs                         6 occurrences
commented                     6 occurrences
offense                       6 occurrences
participation                 6 occurrences
pac                           6 occurrences
channel                       6 occurrences
crimes                        6 occurrences
reasoning                     6 occurrences
finish                        6 occurrences
richard                       6 occurrences
israeli                       6 occurrences
venezuelan                    6 occurrences
hide                          6 occurrences
regimes                       6 occurrences
improve                       6 occurrences
silence                       6 occurrences
affiliated                    6 occurrences
copies                        6 occurrences
hina                          6 occurrences
transparency                  6 occurrences
formerly                      6 occurrences
punched                       6 occurrences
custody                       6 occurrences
abe                           6 occurrences
represented                   6 occurrences
affiliation                   6 occurrences
fulfill                       6 occurrences
relating                      6 occurrences
ripple                        6 occurrences
caucus                        6 occurrences
litigation                    6 occurrences
degree                        6 occurrences
closer                        6 occurrences
begins                        6 occurrences
disagreements                 6 occurrences
rounds                        6 occurrences
island                        6 occurrences
declared                      6 occurrences
lobbied                       6 occurrences
fish                          6 occurrences
digenova                      6 occurrences
science                       6 occurrences
parliament                    6 occurrences
yates                         6 occurrences
unfair                        6 occurrences
investor                      6 occurrences
brentwood                     6 occurrences
bar                           6 occurrences
judgment                      6 occurrences
ben                           6 occurrences
equal                         6 occurrences
recall                        6 occurrences
becomes                       6 occurrences
uniformed                     6 occurrences
founder                       6 occurrences
seriously                     6 occurrences
contain                       6 occurrences
angry                         6 occurrences
obamae                        6 occurrences
rip                           6 occurrences
longstanding                  6 occurrences
threw                         6 occurrences
rooney                        6 occurrences
teacher                       6 occurrences
wages                         6 occurrences
cookie                        6 occurrences
schedules                     6 occurrences
harvard                       6 occurrences
kasich                        6 occurrences
returns                       6 occurrences
trend                         6 occurrences
hostages                      6 occurrences
displays                      6 occurrences
route                         6 occurrences
thanksgiving                  6 occurrences
overbilling                   6 occurrences
intercontinental              6 occurrences
sir                           6 occurrences
reaction                      6 occurrences
dimon                         6 occurrences
cutting                       6 occurrences
sworn                         6 occurrences
flee                          6 occurrences
fundamental                   6 occurrences
flew                          6 occurrences
promoting                     6 occurrences
dem                           6 occurrences
tony                          6 occurrences
salvador                      6 occurrences
materials                     6 occurrences
chamber                       6 occurrences
table                         6 occurrences
assault                       6 occurrences
william                       6 occurrences
song                          6 occurrences
homes                         6 occurrences
yale                          6 occurrences
ten                           6 occurrences
moral                         6 occurrences
pride                         6 occurrences
ethics                        6 occurrences
forgotten                     6 occurrences
impeach                       6 occurrences
leonardo                      6 occurrences
vending                       6 occurrences
deserve                       6 occurrences
wake                          6 occurrences
principles                    6 occurrences
quarter                       6 occurrences
walk                          6 occurrences
outrage                       6 occurrences
realized                      6 occurrences
drives                        6 occurrences
ebt                           6 occurrences
surprise                      6 occurrences
wapo                          6 occurrences
registered                    6 occurrences
domestic                      6 occurrences
elk                           6 occurrences
violent                       6 occurrences
lowincome                     6 occurrences
embarrassing                  6 occurrences
letting                       6 occurrences
falls                         6 occurrences
sponsored                     6 occurrences
ump                           6 occurrences
solution                      6 occurrences
pakistan                      6 occurrences
protesting                    6 occurrences
editor                        6 occurrences
percentage                    6 occurrences
established                   6 occurrences
dennard                       6 occurrences
strongly                      6 occurrences
patrol                        6 occurrences
fee                           6 occurrences
victim                        6 occurrences
causing                       6 occurrences
prayers                       6 occurrences
van                           6 occurrences
jong                          6 occurrences
intelligent                   6 occurrences
subsequently                  6 occurrences
traveling                     6 occurrences
resignation                   6 occurrences
josh                          6 occurrences
intention                     6 occurrences
formal                        6 occurrences
purchased                     6 occurrences
reveals                       6 occurrences
prepare                       6 occurrences
battle                        6 occurrences
entirely                      6 occurrences
extortion                     6 occurrences
therefore                     6 occurrences
perfect                       6 occurrences
communication                 6 occurrences
treason                       6 occurrences
essentially                   6 occurrences
allows                        6 occurrences
flying                        6 occurrences
vowed                         6 occurrences
scam                          6 occurrences
prevents                      6 occurrences
sandy                         6 occurrences
eager                         6 occurrences
professor                     6 occurrences
charlotte                     6 occurrences
outcry                        6 occurrences
physical                      6 occurrences
indiana                       6 occurrences
mount                         6 occurrences
pressed                       6 occurrences
studies                       6 occurrences
wonderful                     6 occurrences
shouting                      6 occurrences
jefferson                     6 occurrences
bolo                          6 occurrences
intent                        6 occurrences
warrants                      6 occurrences
pushed                        6 occurrences
suggesting                    6 occurrences
fraudulent                    6 occurrences
halt                          6 occurrences
realize                       6 occurrences
worker                        6 occurrences
equality                      6 occurrences
forth                         6 occurrences
winner                        6 occurrences
machines                      6 occurrences
ammon                         6 occurrences
engagement                    6 occurrences
shame                         6 occurrences
internally                    6 occurrences
confidential                  6 occurrences
assisting                     6 occurrences
courtesy                      6 occurrences
genesee                       6 occurrences
correct                       6 occurrences
connections                   6 occurrences
tech                          6 occurrences
accurately                    6 occurrences
gerster                       6 occurrences
phoenix                       6 occurrences
sacramento                    6 occurrences
seat                          6 occurrences
feared                        6 occurrences
drunk                         6 occurrences
bennett                       6 occurrences
supplemental                  6 occurrences
japanese                      6 occurrences
oppose                        6 occurrences
learning                      6 occurrences
injured                       6 occurrences
scale                         6 occurrences
handful                       6 occurrences
anonymous                     5 occurrences
association                   5 occurrences
jfk                           5 occurrences
permits                       5 occurrences
bigotry                       5 occurrences
advocacy                      5 occurrences
hungarian                     5 occurrences
respectfully                  5 occurrences
curriculum                    5 occurrences
headline                      5 occurrences
upset                         5 occurrences
harmful                       5 occurrences
kickbacks                     5 occurrences
taxed                         5 occurrences
rahim                         5 occurrences
deployment                    5 occurrences
monitoring                    5 occurrences
discussions                   5 occurrences
transactions                  5 occurrences
feinstein                     5 occurrences
turley                        5 occurrences
heading                       5 occurrences
hires                         5 occurrences
apple                         5 occurrences
apply                         5 occurrences
centered                      5 occurrences
achieve                       5 occurrences
alongside                     5 occurrences
nationalsecurity              5 occurrences
refuses                       5 occurrences
flawed                        5 occurrences
ferguson                      5 occurrences
scrutiny                      5 occurrences
newmyer                       5 occurrences
missouri                      5 occurrences
vermont                       5 occurrences
capacity                      5 occurrences
accurate                      5 occurrences
structure                     5 occurrences
accompanied                   5 occurrences
africa                        5 occurrences
puts                          5 occurrences
expects                       5 occurrences
lucky                         5 occurrences
futures                       5 occurrences
smear                         5 occurrences
ajmera                        5 occurrences
sports                        5 occurrences
understands                   5 occurrences
quality                       5 occurrences
tribune                       5 occurrences
manchin                       5 occurrences
enable                        5 occurrences
bitter                        5 occurrences
governmental                  5 occurrences
patrick                       5 occurrences
approached                    5 occurrences
approaches                    5 occurrences
harder                        5 occurrences
negotiated                    5 occurrences
assist                        5 occurrences
legacy                        5 occurrences
offers                        5 occurrences
regardless                    5 occurrences
german                        5 occurrences
exact                         5 occurrences
emissions                     5 occurrences
replaced                      5 occurrences
crack                         5 occurrences
church                        5 occurrences
faces                         5 occurrences
botched                       5 occurrences
covered                       5 occurrences
festival                      5 occurrences
routinely                     5 occurrences
freebies                      5 occurrences
exempt                        5 occurrences
beacon                        5 occurrences
disagreed                     5 occurrences
log                           5 occurrences
hell                          5 occurrences
mistakes                      5 occurrences
focusing                      5 occurrences
gained                        5 occurrences
donations                     5 occurrences
viewers                       5 occurrences
arrow                         5 occurrences
pence                         5 occurrences
financially                   5 occurrences
allegiance                    5 occurrences
alarm                         5 occurrences
portions                      5 occurrences
jumped                        5 occurrences
camps                         5 occurrences
ship                          5 occurrences
deliberate                    5 occurrences
waving                        5 occurrences
anyway                        5 occurrences
pursuit                       5 occurrences
petition                      5 occurrences
answered                      5 occurrences
grammar                       5 occurrences
feldman                       5 occurrences
principle                     5 occurrences
facility                      5 occurrences
debt                          5 occurrences
fraudulently                  5 occurrences
minute                        5 occurrences
charles                       5 occurrences
household                     5 occurrences
acceptable                    5 occurrences
collapse                      5 occurrences
intercepts                    5 occurrences
swing                         5 occurrences
celebrate                     5 occurrences
devastating                   5 occurrences
mohammad                      5 occurrences
amazon                        5 occurrences
lindsey                       5 occurrences
recommend                     5 occurrences
hateful                       5 occurrences
bear                          5 occurrences
seeks                         5 occurrences
alarming                      5 occurrences
goods                         5 occurrences
reince                        5 occurrences
cell                          5 occurrences
increases                     5 occurrences
fifth                         5 occurrences
duke                          5 occurrences
tossed                        5 occurrences
operatives                    5 occurrences
approve                       5 occurrences
gunfire                       5 occurrences
pulled                        5 occurrences
harvey                        5 occurrences
rural                         5 occurrences
avenue                        5 occurrences
durham                        5 occurrences
sergeant                      5 occurrences
kramer                        5 occurrences
ammunition                    5 occurrences
rino                          5 occurrences
bulk                          5 occurrences
grassroots                    5 occurrences
lizeth                        5 occurrences
aired                         5 occurrences
allegation                    5 occurrences
kansas                        5 occurrences
relatives                     5 occurrences
assessment                    5 occurrences
sdusd                         5 occurrences
endure                        5 occurrences
plutonium                     5 occurrences
burr                          5 occurrences
style                         5 occurrences
reelection                    5 occurrences
williams                      5 occurrences
haitians                      5 occurrences
virtually                     5 occurrences
saudi                         5 occurrences
persons                       5 occurrences
assassinated                  5 occurrences
rahami                        5 occurrences
spied                         5 occurrences
permitted                     5 occurrences
roberts                       5 occurrences
rifles                        5 occurrences
defined                       5 occurrences
exclusively                   5 occurrences
executives                    5 occurrences
software                      5 occurrences
poland                        5 occurrences
otherwise                     5 occurrences
communism                     5 occurrences
hilary                        5 occurrences
deeper                        5 occurrences
clearance                     5 occurrences
handled                       5 occurrences
girlfriend                    5 occurrences
implanted                     5 occurrences
liberties                     5 occurrences
guests                        5 occurrences
growing                       5 occurrences
ministers                     5 occurrences
premiums                      5 occurrences
antics                        5 occurrences
lisa                          5 occurrences
canada                        5 occurrences
historical                    5 occurrences
minorities                    5 occurrences
loved                         5 occurrences
implications                  5 occurrences
pennsylvania                  5 occurrences
pai                           5 occurrences
tolerance                     5 occurrences
pet                           5 occurrences
gubarev                       5 occurrences
player                        5 occurrences
raises                        5 occurrences
carbon                        5 occurrences
leftists                      5 occurrences
writing                       5 occurrences
extent                        5 occurrences
restricted                    5 occurrences
applause                      5 occurrences
statesthe                     5 occurrences
decade                        5 occurrences
cheryl                        5 occurrences
tearing                       5 occurrences
pro                           5 occurrences
wildlife                      5 occurrences
crews                         5 occurrences
harassment                    5 occurrences
hillthe                       5 occurrences
analyst                       5 occurrences
slip                          5 occurrences
joaquin                       5 occurrences
hearts                        5 occurrences
administered                  5 occurrences
abusing                       5 occurrences
ali                           5 occurrences
dignified                     5 occurrences
slow                          5 occurrences
disclose                      5 occurrences
commercial                    5 occurrences
starts                        5 occurrences
existing                      5 occurrences
shouted                       5 occurrences
dick                          5 occurrences
arm                           5 occurrences
earley                        5 occurrences
aug                           5 occurrences
eyes                          5 occurrences
alassad                       5 occurrences
coalition                     5 occurrences
prosecuted                    5 occurrences
summit                        5 occurrences
active                        5 occurrences
argue                         5 occurrences
timing                        5 occurrences
highlighted                   5 occurrences
firearms                      5 occurrences
accusations                   5 occurrences
twenty                        5 occurrences
extensive                     5 occurrences
danger                        5 occurrences
unemployment                  5 occurrences
mosques                       5 occurrences
enter                         5 occurrences
tables                        5 occurrences
presided                      5 occurrences
bed                           5 occurrences
questionable                  5 occurrences
broke                         5 occurrences
cancer                        5 occurrences
challenging                   5 occurrences
impacted                      5 occurrences
nature                        5 occurrences
folks                         5 occurrences
checked                       5 occurrences
minor                         5 occurrences
stepped                       5 occurrences
houston                       5 occurrences
supremacist                   5 occurrences
citizenship                   5 occurrences
awaiting                      5 occurrences
friendly                      5 occurrences
row                           5 occurrences
criminality                   5 occurrences
plaintiffs                    5 occurrences
louisville                    5 occurrences
wealthy                       5 occurrences
vocal                         5 occurrences
faith                         5 occurrences
presidents                    5 occurrences
dragged                       5 occurrences
monitored                     5 occurrences
dragging                      5 occurrences
throw                         5 occurrences
frustration                   5 occurrences
delay                         5 occurrences
boost                         5 occurrences
round                         5 occurrences
independence                  5 occurrences
pakistani                     5 occurrences
donor                         5 occurrences
schiff                        5 occurrences
unclassified                  5 occurrences
canadian                      5 occurrences
personally                    5 occurrences
incoming                      5 occurrences
prosecution                   5 occurrences
offices                       5 occurrences
colorado                      5 occurrences
infamous                      5 occurrences
crackdown                     5 occurrences
counter                       5 occurrences
embarrass                     5 occurrences
sky                           5 occurrences
update                        5 occurrences
copley                        5 occurrences
distract                      5 occurrences
gender                        5 occurrences
caterpillar                   5 occurrences
violates                      5 occurrences
version                       5 occurrences
daniel                        5 occurrences
permit                        5 occurrences
subcommittee                  5 occurrences
affirmative                   5 occurrences
secretly                      5 occurrences
dad                           5 occurrences
produce                       5 occurrences
product                       5 occurrences
settlement                    5 occurrences
league                        5 occurrences
healthy                       5 occurrences
gleason                       5 occurrences
touch                         5 occurrences
goetz                         5 occurrences
stock                         5 occurrences
road                          5 occurrences
extremists                    5 occurrences
orrick                        5 occurrences
volags                        5 occurrences
participate                   5 occurrences
traditions                    5 occurrences
doors                         5 occurrences
technique                     5 occurrences
stole                         5 occurrences
expedited                     5 occurrences
besides                       5 occurrences
disregard                     5 occurrences
timethe                       5 occurrences
transparent                   5 occurrences
allocated                     5 occurrences
radar                         5 occurrences
commission                    5 occurrences
interrupted                   5 occurrences
rose                          5 occurrences
choosing                      5 occurrences
obstruct                      5 occurrences
injunction                    5 occurrences
title                         5 occurrences
vetting                       5 occurrences
relationships                 5 occurrences
chaudry                       5 occurrences
newsthe                       5 occurrences
afford                        5 occurrences
knee                          5 occurrences
kirby                         5 occurrences
documentation                 5 occurrences
bartiromo                     5 occurrences
donate                        5 occurrences
drain                         5 occurrences
compiled                      5 occurrences
supervised                    5 occurrences
excuse                        5 occurrences
identifiable                  5 occurrences
activists                     5 occurrences
racebased                     5 occurrences
monster                       5 occurrences
rabbits                       5 occurrences
overbooked                    5 occurrences
bureaucrats                   5 occurrences
ally                          5 occurrences
winning                       5 occurrences
reactor                       5 occurrences
yahoo                         5 occurrences
plants                        5 occurrences
unusual                       5 occurrences
usmexico                      5 occurrences
offering                      5 occurrences
eye                           5 occurrences
photos                        5 occurrences
effects                       5 occurrences
representation                5 occurrences
sand                          5 occurrences
sane                          5 occurrences
voluntary                     5 occurrences
clients                       5 occurrences
suggests                      5 occurrences
sara                          5 occurrences
preemptive                    5 occurrences
fed                           5 occurrences
protections                   5 occurrences
increasingly                  5 occurrences
contrary                      5 occurrences
fighter                       5 occurrences
enriched                      5 occurrences
joke                          5 occurrences
injuries                      5 occurrences
socialism                     5 occurrences
announce                      5 occurrences
racists                       5 occurrences
gifts                         5 occurrences
privileged                    5 occurrences
pyongyang                     5 occurrences
societies                     5 occurrences
brooklyn                      5 occurrences
introduced                    5 occurrences
videos                        5 occurrences
denise                        5 occurrences
session                       5 occurrences
mention                       5 occurrences
reasonable                    5 occurrences
listening                     5 occurrences
divide                        5 occurrences
negative                      5 occurrences
shock                         5 occurrences
haerter                       5 occurrences
linked                        5 occurrences
gas                           5 occurrences
minors                        5 occurrences
antimuslim                    5 occurrences
mack                          5 occurrences
doctors                       5 occurrences
fences                        5 occurrences
gore                          5 occurrences
ideas                         5 occurrences
nate                          5 occurrences
nato                          5 occurrences
applicable                    5 occurrences
booker                        5 occurrences
gaetz                         5 occurrences
opponents                     5 occurrences
slavery                       5 occurrences
taxexempt                     5 occurrences
soviet                        5 occurrences
hopes                         5 occurrences
consistent                    5 occurrences
samantha                      5 occurrences
employs                       5 occurrences
category                      5 occurrences
advancing                     5 occurrences
monument                      5 occurrences
feelings                      5 occurrences
elite                         5 occurrences
user                          5 occurrences
uses                          5 occurrences
creation                      5 occurrences
watson                        5 occurrences
warsaw                        5 occurrences
pres                          5 occurrences
hiking                        5 occurrences
door                          5 occurrences
bodies                        5 occurrences
cold                          5 occurrences
station                       5 occurrences
meaning                       5 occurrences
deals                         5 occurrences
replacing                     5 occurrences
pacific                       5 occurrences
corporations                  5 occurrences
intend                        5 occurrences
initial                       5 occurrences
retaliation                   5 occurrences
depending                     5 occurrences
surprising                    5 occurrences
taught                        5 occurrences
reagan                        5 occurrences
define                        5 occurrences
politician                    5 occurrences
scope                         5 occurrences
operated                      5 occurrences
walsh                         5 occurrences
applied                       5 occurrences
pointing                      5 occurrences
pleading                      5 occurrences
refusing                      5 occurrences
examiner                      5 occurrences
fail                          5 occurrences
brutal                        5 occurrences
briefing                      5 occurrences
fans                          5 occurrences
advice                        5 occurrences
hinkle                        5 occurrences
priorities                    5 occurrences
noncitizen                    5 occurrences
falling                       5 occurrences
respected                     5 occurrences
manhattan                     5 occurrences
tear                          5 occurrences
reduces                       5 occurrences
cabinet                       5 occurrences
robbed                        5 occurrences
markets                       5 occurrences
elsewhere                     5 occurrences
vehicle                       5 occurrences
seal                          5 occurrences
fears                         5 occurrences
discriminate                  5 occurrences
latter                        5 occurrences
totaling                      5 occurrences
exchanged                     5 occurrences
reactors                      5 occurrences
savings                       5 occurrences
cast                          5 occurrences
deleted                       5 occurrences
reading                       5 occurrences
stealing                      5 occurrences
natural                       5 occurrences
ultimate                      5 occurrences
abraham                       5 occurrences
stephen                       5 occurrences
bass                          4 occurrences
redditors                     4 occurrences
recovered                     4 occurrences
praying                       4 occurrences
definitely                    4 occurrences
entities                      4 occurrences
shield                        4 occurrences
reviews                       4 occurrences
alexandria                    4 occurrences
placing                       4 occurrences
civilization                  4 occurrences
bashar                        4 occurrences
jeopardy                      4 occurrences
confident                     4 occurrences
knife                         4 occurrences
authoritarian                 4 occurrences
heads                         4 occurrences
actively                      4 occurrences
reputation                    4 occurrences
ranking                       4 occurrences
discusses                     4 occurrences
cultures                      4 occurrences
opportunities                 4 occurrences
educational                   4 occurrences
compact                       4 occurrences
stepping                      4 occurrences
steyn                         4 occurrences
candidacy                     4 occurrences
fobes                         4 occurrences
insult                        4 occurrences
charity                       4 occurrences
caplan                        4 occurrences
fruit                         4 occurrences
quit                          4 occurrences
stripped                      4 occurrences
rush                          4 occurrences
neck                          4 occurrences
troubling                     4 occurrences
acknowledge                   4 occurrences
deployed                      4 occurrences
indicated                     4 occurrences
abedini                       4 occurrences
badly                         4 occurrences
advocate                      4 occurrences
wondering                     4 occurrences
refusal                       4 occurrences
fundamentally                 4 occurrences
dershowitz                    4 occurrences
filings                       4 occurrences
impose                        4 occurrences
resulted                      4 occurrences
forecast                      4 occurrences
poverty                       4 occurrences
precedent                     4 occurrences
sneak                         4 occurrences
arab                          4 occurrences
demanding                     4 occurrences
corroborate                   4 occurrences
collegiality                  4 occurrences
declines                      4 occurrences
kid                           4 occurrences
demonstrates                  4 occurrences
costly                        4 occurrences
carmen                        4 occurrences
openly                        4 occurrences
amongst                       4 occurrences
denying                       4 occurrences
item                          4 occurrences
destroying                    4 occurrences
cheering                      4 occurrences
covers                        4 occurrences
hospitals                     4 occurrences
constantly                    4 occurrences
selected                      4 occurrences
sarah                         4 occurrences
recommendations               4 occurrences
fleet                         4 occurrences
mess                          4 occurrences
calif                         4 occurrences
robbinyoung                   4 occurrences
dying                         4 occurrences
suspend                       4 occurrences
loyalty                       4 occurrences
knowingly                     4 occurrences
prices                        4 occurrences
volunteers                    4 occurrences
method                        4 occurrences
nuts                          4 occurrences
clueless                      4 occurrences
mishandling                   4 occurrences
users                         4 occurrences
warning                       4 occurrences
disability                    4 occurrences
lets                          4 occurrences
sunstein                      4 occurrences
beating                       4 occurrences
corrected                     4 occurrences
volag                         4 occurrences
embarrassment                 4 occurrences
exposure                      4 occurrences
explaining                    4 occurrences
speaks                        4 occurrences
categories                    4 occurrences
distribute                    4 occurrences
agbapuruonwu                  4 occurrences
determination                 4 occurrences
mixed                         4 occurrences
clintonthe                    4 occurrences
bankers                       4 occurrences
lee                           4 occurrences
shrink                        4 occurrences
filmmaker                     4 occurrences
implemented                   4 occurrences
estimates                     4 occurrences
sacred                        4 occurrences
johnson                       4 occurrences
jets                          4 occurrences
uncover                       4 occurrences
regular                       4 occurrences
transported                   4 occurrences
carney                        4 occurrences
shortages                     4 occurrences
moveonorg                     4 occurrences
acts                          4 occurrences
understanding                 4 occurrences
fantastic                     4 occurrences
exchanging                    4 occurrences
jump                          4 occurrences
marked                        4 occurrences
counterterrorism              4 occurrences
widespread                    4 occurrences
universities                  4 occurrences
generals                      4 occurrences
ddos                          4 occurrences
prompting                     4 occurrences
screen                        4 occurrences
shed                          4 occurrences
feds                          4 occurrences
anniversary                   4 occurrences
tengop                        4 occurrences
khabir                        4 occurrences
coverup                       4 occurrences
politicized                   4 occurrences
honoring                      4 occurrences
conducting                    4 occurrences
operative                     4 occurrences
constant                      4 occurrences
credible                      4 occurrences
adds                          4 occurrences
stranger                      4 occurrences
committing                    4 occurrences
animals                       4 occurrences
ramadi                        4 occurrences
keith                         4 occurrences
engineers                     4 occurrences
interviewing                  4 occurrences
michelle                      4 occurrences
fell                          4 occurrences
apparent                      4 occurrences
settle                        4 occurrences
thus                          4 occurrences
facilities                    4 occurrences
neighbor                      4 occurrences
dear                          4 occurrences
closest                       4 occurrences
harry                         4 occurrences
commander                     4 occurrences
cameras                       4 occurrences
weren                         4 occurrences
likelihood                    4 occurrences
provisions                    4 occurrences
sentence                      4 occurrences
vile                          4 occurrences
briefed                       4 occurrences
crucial                       4 occurrences
somalia                       4 occurrences
skinny                        4 occurrences
downhill                      4 occurrences
grandstanding                 4 occurrences
feels                         4 occurrences
justices                      4 occurrences
jerry                         4 occurrences
mob                           4 occurrences
beaten                        4 occurrences
swipe                         4 occurrences
jackie                        4 occurrences
unanimously                   4 occurrences
dept                          4 occurrences
recovery                      4 occurrences
spotted                       4 occurrences
hacks                         4 occurrences
dangers                       4 occurrences
behar                         4 occurrences
collectively                  4 occurrences
stopping                      4 occurrences
contributions                 4 occurrences
beef                          4 occurrences
kaine                         4 occurrences
proven                        4 occurrences
intercepted                   4 occurrences
camerota                      4 occurrences
cubs                          4 occurrences
laying                        4 occurrences
secretaries                   4 occurrences
dinner                        4 occurrences
vulgar                        4 occurrences
comfortable                   4 occurrences
teachers                      4 occurrences
wholly                        4 occurrences
detailed                      4 occurrences
outgoing                      4 occurrences
selection                     4 occurrences
traveled                      4 occurrences
trafficking                   4 occurrences
journalists                   4 occurrences
contractors                   4 occurrences
straight                      4 occurrences
inner                         4 occurrences
highprofile                   4 occurrences
wound                         4 occurrences
restrictions                  4 occurrences
net                           4 occurrences
practical                     4 occurrences
czech                         4 occurrences
heights                       4 occurrences
remote                        4 occurrences
bull                          4 occurrences
rebuild                       4 occurrences
adams                         4 occurrences
entity                        4 occurrences
reserve                       4 occurrences
classaction                   4 occurrences
bombed                        4 occurrences
noting                        4 occurrences
notion                        4 occurrences
weber                         4 occurrences
malware                       4 occurrences
tremendous                    4 occurrences
swiss                         4 occurrences
intellectual                  4 occurrences
burning                       4 occurrences
immunity                      4 occurrences
themit                        4 occurrences
expenditures                  4 occurrences
abroad                        4 occurrences
chaos                         4 occurrences
noticed                       4 occurrences
backlash                      4 occurrences
spies                         4 occurrences
maine                         4 occurrences
motivate                      4 occurrences
trail                         4 occurrences
train                         4 occurrences
metadata                      4 occurrences
topic                         4 occurrences
presumably                    4 occurrences
spokesperson                  4 occurrences
grass                         4 occurrences
jeffries                      4 occurrences
propriety                     4 occurrences
supremacy                     4 occurrences
occupation                    4 occurrences
grave                         4 occurrences
derrick                       4 occurrences
conway                        4 occurrences
nine                          4 occurrences
cooperate                     4 occurrences
safer                         4 occurrences
outcomes                      4 occurrences
disgusting                    4 occurrences
lindell                       4 occurrences
presidentthe                  4 occurrences
outlined                      4 occurrences
bloodshed                     4 occurrences
outlines                      4 occurrences
preparations                  4 occurrences
sister                        4 occurrences
campuses                      4 occurrences
sacrifice                     4 occurrences
scholarship                   4 occurrences
featured                      4 occurrences
releasing                     4 occurrences
handles                       4 occurrences
leakers                       4 occurrences
equally                       4 occurrences
nonpartisan                   4 occurrences
boston                        4 occurrences
codes                         4 occurrences
skid                          4 occurrences
posts                         4 occurrences
brackets                      4 occurrences
ages                          4 occurrences
loves                         4 occurrences
crossed                       4 occurrences
arguing                       4 occurrences
hermitage                     4 occurrences
species                       4 occurrences
random                        4 occurrences
arsenal                       4 occurrences
gingrich                      4 occurrences
dialogue                      4 occurrences
products                      4 occurrences
invalid                       4 occurrences
weight                        4 occurrences
pregnancy                     4 occurrences
dimple                        4 occurrences
minneapolis                   4 occurrences
whenever                      4 occurrences
federalist                    4 occurrences
hamilton                      4 occurrences
assuming                      4 occurrences
academic                      4 occurrences
recommended                   4 occurrences
rocks                         4 occurrences
viewing                       4 occurrences
fallacy                       4 occurrences
ppv                           4 occurrences
promises                      4 occurrences
searches                      4 occurrences
ignoring                      4 occurrences
approximately                 4 occurrences
mongering                     4 occurrences
accountability                4 occurrences
shift                         4 occurrences
transferred                   4 occurrences
fights                        4 occurrences
figured                       4 occurrences
priority                      4 occurrences
mccarthy                      4 occurrences
age                           4 occurrences
stockmonsterusa               4 occurrences
recused                       4 occurrences
airfield                      4 occurrences
appointment                   4 occurrences
differences                   4 occurrences
completed                     4 occurrences
earnings                      4 occurrences
ass                           4 occurrences
mohebi                        4 occurrences
escalating                    4 occurrences
complying                     4 occurrences
endless                       4 occurrences
profiling                     4 occurrences
magazine                      4 occurrences
ukraine                       4 occurrences
kaepernick                    4 occurrences
aya                           4 occurrences
cares                         4 occurrences
phrase                        4 occurrences
soldiers                      4 occurrences
plead                         4 occurrences
losses                        4 occurrences
interpretation                4 occurrences
vandalism                     4 occurrences
maintain                      4 occurrences
carson                        4 occurrences
bay                           4 occurrences
quo                           4 occurrences
arctic                        4 occurrences
cini                          4 occurrences
birthday                      4 occurrences
equivalent                    4 occurrences
settled                       4 occurrences
perform                       4 occurrences
carol                         4 occurrences
islamist                      4 occurrences
bet                           4 occurrences
bilateral                     4 occurrences
plus                          4 occurrences
obamas                        4 occurrences
clayton                       4 occurrences
somewhere                     4 occurrences
recognized                    4 occurrences
silent                        4 occurrences
screams                       4 occurrences
founded                       4 occurrences
angle                         4 occurrences
teams                         4 occurrences
smoking                       4 occurrences
classic                       4 occurrences
mowing                        4 occurrences
assertion                     4 occurrences
bowhunter                     4 occurrences
searching                     4 occurrences
confusion                     4 occurrences
fails                         4 occurrences
guest                         4 occurrences
expanded                      4 occurrences
lefty                         4 occurrences
heated                        4 occurrences
tapper                        4 occurrences
omar                          4 occurrences
angrily                       4 occurrences
netherlands                   4 occurrences
clerks                        4 occurrences
speeches                      4 occurrences
rough                         4 occurrences
elect                         4 occurrences
emotional                     4 occurrences
obligations                   4 occurrences
filibuster                    4 occurrences
funny                         4 occurrences
peninsula                     4 occurrences
eliminated                    4 occurrences
bother                        4 occurrences
balls                         4 occurrences
mechanism                     4 occurrences
cavuto                        4 occurrences
blatantly                     4 occurrences
rariz                         4 occurrences
methods                       4 occurrences
sad                           4 occurrences
holds                         4 occurrences
possession                    4 occurrences
lobbyists                     4 occurrences
strategies                    4 occurrences
manage                        4 occurrences
physically                    4 occurrences
deferred                      4 occurrences
magazines                     4 occurrences
implement                     4 occurrences
strict                        4 occurrences
symbols                       4 occurrences
passenger                     4 occurrences
singer                        4 occurrences
regulators                    4 occurrences
joked                         4 occurrences
viral                         4 occurrences
height                        4 occurrences
locate                        4 occurrences
outsourcing                   4 occurrences
blood                         4 occurrences
races                         4 occurrences
budgets                       4 occurrences
redacted                      4 occurrences
expressing                    4 occurrences
journalist                    4 occurrences
reduction                     4 occurrences
goodness                      4 occurrences
mainland                      4 occurrences
deficit                       4 occurrences
double                        4 occurrences
dca                           4 occurrences
civic                         4 occurrences
dec                           4 occurrences
icann                         4 occurrences
variety                       4 occurrences
dhs                           4 occurrences
posting                       4 occurrences
dig                           4 occurrences
netanyahu                     4 occurrences
felons                        4 occurrences
felony                        4 occurrences
addressing                    4 occurrences
prohibit                      4 occurrences
comprehensive                 4 occurrences
caratzola                     4 occurrences
sort                          4 occurrences
statute                       4 occurrences
ovation                       4 occurrences
honored                       4 occurrences
expenses                      4 occurrences
cleaning                      4 occurrences
root                          4 occurrences
tim                           4 occurrences
francisco                     4 occurrences
battles                       4 occurrences
except                        4 occurrences
articles                      4 occurrences
accepted                      4 occurrences
tmz                           4 occurrences
yulin                         4 occurrences
deaths                        4 occurrences
bureaucracy                   4 occurrences
dropbox                       4 occurrences
wait                          4 occurrences
interfering                   4 occurrences
driver                        4 occurrences
barred                        4 occurrences
wars                          4 occurrences
outspoken                     4 occurrences
port                          4 occurrences
dependents                    4 occurrences
schiller                      4 occurrences
banks                         4 occurrences
embassy                       4 occurrences
soboroff                      4 occurrences
textbook                      4 occurrences
criticism                     4 occurrences
clue                          4 occurrences
theatre                       4 occurrences
corner                        4 occurrences
sotomayor                     4 occurrences
spot                          4 occurrences
verified                      4 occurrences
inept                         4 occurrences
unnamed                       4 occurrences
hostile                       4 occurrences
impeached                     4 occurrences
natlparkservice               4 occurrences
era                           4 occurrences
master                        4 occurrences
seized                        4 occurrences
vital                         4 occurrences
dramatically                  4 occurrences
prohibited                    4 occurrences
limits                        4 occurrences
bureaucratic                  4 occurrences
consistently                  4 occurrences
brings                        4 occurrences
sally                         4 occurrences
task                          4 occurrences
kallstrom                     4 occurrences
collegial                     4 occurrences
cornyn                        4 occurrences
pertaining                    4 occurrences
chapter                       4 occurrences
derangement                   4 occurrences
solely                        4 occurrences
gowdy                         4 occurrences
uss                           4 occurrences
smoke                         4 occurrences
fcc                           4 occurrences
litigious                     4 occurrences
fck                           4 occurrences
helps                         4 occurrences
loud                          4 occurrences
hammer                        4 occurrences
flood                         4 occurrences
atkins                        4 occurrences
contributed                   4 occurrences
stars                         4 occurrences
gates                         4 occurrences
ends                          4 occurrences
depends                       4 occurrences
pace                          4 occurrences
denies                        4 occurrences
inevitably                    4 occurrences
amid                          4 occurrences
fly                           4 occurrences
unfettered                    4 occurrences
reaching                      4 occurrences
resign                        4 occurrences
alltime                       4 occurrences
liability                     4 occurrences
suggest                       4 occurrences
yikes                         4 occurrences
connor                        4 occurrences
beach                         4 occurrences
expense                       4 occurrences
urge                          4 occurrences
cnbc                          4 occurrences
ripping                       4 occurrences
space                         4 occurrences
deposition                    4 occurrences
tolerate                      4 occurrences
empire                        4 occurrences
resist                        4 occurrences
withhold                      4 occurrences
paso                          4 occurrences
lyons                         4 occurrences
explosive                     4 occurrences
gunman                        4 occurrences
bharara                       4 occurrences
voiced                        4 occurrences
recommendation                4 occurrences
iowa                          4 occurrences
javier                        4 occurrences
honest                        4 occurrences
cronies                       4 occurrences
maga                          4 occurrences
spare                         4 occurrences
macfadyen                     4 occurrences
vision                        4 occurrences
discover                      4 occurrences
elitist                       4 occurrences
jimmy                         4 occurrences
crystal                       4 occurrences
northern                      4 occurrences
admission                     4 occurrences
teenagers                     4 occurrences
privacy                       4 occurrences
routed                        4 occurrences
shore                         4 occurrences
prototypes                    4 occurrences
profile                       4 occurrences
naming                        4 occurrences
heartfelt                     4 occurrences
ford                          4 occurrences
nazi                          4 occurrences
critic                        4 occurrences
lucrative                     4 occurrences
hamas                         4 occurrences
nationwide                    4 occurrences
needtoknow                    4 occurrences
recommending                  4 occurrences
guidelines                    4 occurrences
hawaii                        4 occurrences
aggression                    4 occurrences
errors                        4 occurrences
alley                         4 occurrences
semiautomatic                 4 occurrences
crossreference                4 occurrences
mistake                       4 occurrences
assess                        4 occurrences
collaboration                 4 occurrences
survived                      4 occurrences
visited                       4 occurrences
saidkey                       4 occurrences
referred                      4 occurrences
providers                     4 occurrences
carefully                     4 occurrences
rodriguez                     4 occurrences
restore                       4 occurrences
losing                        4 occurrences
superintendent                4 occurrences
wow                           4 occurrences
cohn                          4 occurrences
marco                         4 occurrences
pleaded                       4 occurrences
cartels                       4 occurrences
wanting                       4 occurrences
chaika                        4 occurrences
dreamers                      4 occurrences
praised                       4 occurrences
schemes                       4 occurrences
absence                       4 occurrences
havana                        4 occurrences
kate                          4 occurrences
cont                          4 occurrences
macfarlane                    4 occurrences
ourselves                     4 occurrences
sample                        4 occurrences
cool                          4 occurrences
hey                           4 occurrences
dealt                         4 occurrences
yeah                          4 occurrences
coordination                  4 occurrences
laughing                      4 occurrences
spectrum                      4 occurrences
decorum                       4 occurrences
sexually                      4 occurrences
develop                       4 occurrences
reverse                       4 occurrences
circuit                       4 occurrences
unlike                        4 occurrences
queen                         4 occurrences
rumors                        4 occurrences
urban                         4 occurrences
rampant                       4 occurrences
probing                       4 occurrences
color                         4 occurrences
partly                        4 occurrences
operates                      4 occurrences
sarkozy                       4 occurrences
vigil                         4 occurrences
tested                        4 occurrences
commissioner                  4 occurrences
devotion                      4 occurrences
shady                         4 occurrences
elements                      4 occurrences
childhood                     4 occurrences
wasted                        4 occurrences
fortune                       4 occurrences
comply                        4 occurrences
moves                         4 occurrences
forum                         4 occurrences
warhead                       4 occurrences
disappeared                   4 occurrences
weekends                      4 occurrences
repealed                      4 occurrences
sorry                         4 occurrences
legislators                   4 occurrences
joshdcaplan                   4 occurrences
administrations               4 occurrences
laughable                     4 occurrences
compliance                    4 occurrences
star                          4 occurrences
crowds                        4 occurrences
egypt                         4 occurrences
painted                       4 occurrences
preexisting                   4 occurrences
secrets                       4 occurrences
mental                        4 occurrences
fundraising                   4 occurrences
instances                     4 occurrences
beliefs                       4 occurrences
coordinate                    4 occurrences
coercive                      4 occurrences
arrangements                  4 occurrences
atomic                        4 occurrences
merely                        4 occurrences
magnitsky                     4 occurrences
seemed                        4 occurrences
usccb                         4 occurrences
chelsea                       4 occurrences
iii                           4 occurrences
compromising                  4 occurrences
consulting                    4 occurrences
sharia                        4 occurrences
sharif                        4 occurrences
typically                     4 occurrences
drugs                         4 occurrences
residence                     4 occurrences
globalist                     4 occurrences
refrain                       4 occurrences
declaration                   4 occurrences
references                    4 occurrences
links                         4 occurrences
peoplethe                     4 occurrences
hatred                        4 occurrences
lunatic                       4 occurrences
polling                       4 occurrences
rigged                        4 occurrences
podium                        4 occurrences
itv                           4 occurrences
morons                        4 occurrences
mowed                         4 occurrences
generally                     4 occurrences
sees                          4 occurrences
cruise                        4 occurrences
ordinary                      4 occurrences
exchanges                     4 occurrences
ethnic                        4 occurrences
grew                          4 occurrences
football                      4 occurrences
papers                        4 occurrences
reed                          4 occurrences
cajun                         4 occurrences
explains                      4 occurrences
harbor                        4 occurrences
mortgage                      4 occurrences
bars                          4 occurrences
stupid                        4 occurrences
jct                           3 occurrences
oppression                    3 occurrences
award                         3 occurrences
meets                         3 occurrences
designer                      3 occurrences
rolling                       3 occurrences
rely                          3 occurrences
stuck                         3 occurrences
guaranteed                    3 occurrences
sets                          3 occurrences
repossessed                   3 occurrences
unprofessional                3 occurrences
detected                      3 occurrences
pledges                       3 occurrences
peak                          3 occurrences
attitude                      3 occurrences
civilians                     3 occurrences
jim                           3 occurrences
operate                       3 occurrences
cultural                      3 occurrences
sudden                        3 occurrences
iana                          3 occurrences
usurped                       3 occurrences
affecting                     3 occurrences
suspending                    3 occurrences
puzzling                      3 occurrences
appealed                      3 occurrences
sebastian                     3 occurrences
nonstop                       3 occurrences
negotiations                  3 occurrences
hsas                          3 occurrences
yearsabid                     3 occurrences
ahmad                         3 occurrences
punished                      3 occurrences
withdrew                      3 occurrences
cons                          3 occurrences
legitimate                    3 occurrences
occasions                     3 occurrences
stability                     3 occurrences
resettling                    3 occurrences
devious                       3 occurrences
manipulate                    3 occurrences
automatic                     3 occurrences
worship                       3 occurrences
quid                          3 occurrences
chronicled                    3 occurrences
egregious                     3 occurrences
amazingchiefs                 3 occurrences
properly                      3 occurrences
concept                       3 occurrences
lifting                       3 occurrences
misguided                     3 occurrences
jobless                       3 occurrences
ruth                          3 occurrences
crony                         3 occurrences
unveiled                      3 occurrences
crew                          3 occurrences
forthcoming                   3 occurrences
fulltime                      3 occurrences
feeling                       3 occurrences
brad                          3 occurrences
revelations                   3 occurrences
churkin                       3 occurrences
retirement                    3 occurrences
import                        3 occurrences
pillows                       3 occurrences
meat                          3 occurrences
equipmentdespite              3 occurrences
workshop                      3 occurrences
extremism                     3 occurrences
paddock                       3 occurrences
celebrities                   3 occurrences
excited                       3 occurrences
minimal                       3 occurrences
doublelayer                   3 occurrences
batch                         3 occurrences
worms                         3 occurrences
opponent                      3 occurrences
character                     3 occurrences
shadow                        3 occurrences
pure                          3 occurrences
gains                         3 occurrences
viruses                       3 occurrences
preferential                  3 occurrences
pointofsale                   3 occurrences
nondisclosure                 3 occurrences
attending                     3 occurrences
patients                      3 occurrences
awards                        3 occurrences
laughed                       3 occurrences
disappointing                 3 occurrences
curious                       3 occurrences
ranging                       3 occurrences
thensecretary                 3 occurrences
legs                          3 occurrences
budgetary                     3 occurrences
receives                      3 occurrences
ignorance                     3 occurrences
spanish                       3 occurrences
forbes                        3 occurrences
lobby                         3 occurrences
influential                   3 occurrences
newt                          3 occurrences
nevertrumpers                 3 occurrences
rightfully                    3 occurrences
dennis                        3 occurrences
separated                     3 occurrences
coons                         3 occurrences
goldman                       3 occurrences
itin                          3 occurrences
youtube                       3 occurrences
knocking                      3 occurrences
spurs                         3 occurrences
pools                         3 occurrences
bcfs                          3 occurrences
freely                        3 occurrences
specialists                   3 occurrences
sarin                         3 occurrences
compensation                  3 occurrences
tracks                        3 occurrences
businessman                   3 occurrences
sites                         3 occurrences
clock                         3 occurrences
alison                        3 occurrences
suffer                        3 occurrences
famously                      3 occurrences
oval                          3 occurrences
colluded                      3 occurrences
hardly                        3 occurrences
hodgkinson                    3 occurrences
businessmen                   3 occurrences
discriminating                3 occurrences
selling                       3 occurrences
pissed                        3 occurrences
millionaires                  3 occurrences
warming                       3 occurrences
irreversible                  3 occurrences
invite                        3 occurrences
taliban                       3 occurrences
adkins                        3 occurrences
intimidation                  3 occurrences
journalistic                  3 occurrences
bridgeport                    3 occurrences
births                        3 occurrences
hundred                       3 occurrences
signal                        3 occurrences
heat                          3 occurrences
asap                          3 occurrences
insider                       3 occurrences
classification                3 occurrences
carrier                       3 occurrences
berger                        3 occurrences
laughs                        3 occurrences
hersh                         3 occurrences
knocked                       3 occurrences
heed                          3 occurrences
dates                         3 occurrences
wayyes                        3 occurrences
hunger                        3 occurrences
shocker                       3 occurrences
paralyzed                     3 occurrences
appearing                     3 occurrences
sachs                         3 occurrences
jackposobiec                  3 occurrences
quiet                         3 occurrences
chinese                       3 occurrences
trumpthe                      3 occurrences
existed                       3 occurrences
collections                   3 occurrences
codefendants                  3 occurrences
mccabethe                     3 occurrences
allege                        3 occurrences
sacrificed                    3 occurrences
statusfor                     3 occurrences
helm                          3 occurrences
sacrifices                    3 occurrences
kamala                        3 occurrences
romanian                      3 occurrences
machine                       3 occurrences
untold                        3 occurrences
statethe                      3 occurrences
sounds                        3 occurrences
hero                          3 occurrences
fees                          3 occurrences
bithere                       3 occurrences
wittingly                     3 occurrences
coach                         3 occurrences
guam                          3 occurrences
jumper                        3 occurrences
bullet                        3 occurrences
sufficient                    3 occurrences
respectively                  3 occurrences
embarassing                   3 occurrences
concealed                     3 occurrences
hysteria                      3 occurrences
divided                       3 occurrences
favorites                     3 occurrences
franklin                      3 occurrences
defer                         3 occurrences
lifestyle                     3 occurrences
waived                        3 occurrences
graduated                     3 occurrences
graduates                     3 occurrences
compared                      3 occurrences
shop                          3 occurrences
wind                          3 occurrences
wing                          3 occurrences
rings                         3 occurrences
wins                          3 occurrences
patriotism                    3 occurrences
roots                         3 occurrences
nonrecord                     3 occurrences
organizers                    3 occurrences
directors                     3 occurrences
annually                      3 occurrences
harsh                         3 occurrences
firsthand                     3 occurrences
confronting                   3 occurrences
wednesdaymccabe               3 occurrences
connecticut                   3 occurrences
protrump                      3 occurrences
coaches                       3 occurrences
updates                       3 occurrences
begun                         3 occurrences
examination                   3 occurrences
processing                    3 occurrences
wiretapped                    3 occurrences
ignores                       3 occurrences
trained                       3 occurrences
emphasis                      3 occurrences
intervention                  3 occurrences
phony                         3 occurrences
severe                        3 occurrences
instructions                  3 occurrences
giveaway                      3 occurrences
kathleen                      3 occurrences
gross                         3 occurrences
officemccabe                  3 occurrences
asylum                        3 occurrences
dems                          3 occurrences
misleading                    3 occurrences
briefly                       3 occurrences
expensive                     3 occurrences
mph                           3 occurrences
libya                         3 occurrences
commissioners                 3 occurrences
frequently                    3 occurrences
robinson                      3 occurrences
satisfy                       3 occurrences
tunnel                        3 occurrences
writes                        3 occurrences
proves                        3 occurrences
floridachiefs                 3 occurrences
deciding                      3 occurrences
uncertainty                   3 occurrences
trove                         3 occurrences
tickets                       3 occurrences
stationed                     3 occurrences
endgame                       3 occurrences
deliberately                  3 occurrences
unimaginable                  3 occurrences
supervisors                   3 occurrences
erase                         3 occurrences
unsubstantiated               3 occurrences
ellison                       3 occurrences
subsidies                     3 occurrences
plain                         3 occurrences
examine                       3 occurrences
populous                      3 occurrences
dump                          3 occurrences
marched                       3 occurrences
airlines                      3 occurrences
screaming                     3 occurrences
wider                         3 occurrences
retail                        3 occurrences
optional                      3 occurrences
acknowledged                  3 occurrences
labelled                      3 occurrences
jared                         3 occurrences
silk                          3 occurrences
irresponsible                 3 occurrences
kayla                         3 occurrences
rubio                         3 occurrences
column                        3 occurrences
impossible                    3 occurrences
marshall                      3 occurrences
wellknown                     3 occurrences
collecting                    3 occurrences
embrace                       3 occurrences
tools                         3 occurrences
blaming                       3 occurrences
protects                      3 occurrences
diplomacy                     3 occurrences
thrown                        3 occurrences
opposite                      3 occurrences
empower                       3 occurrences
ned                           3 occurrences
financed                      3 occurrences
ancient                       3 occurrences
ramos                         3 occurrences
evan                          3 occurrences
fallen                        3 occurrences
admiral                       3 occurrences
bully                         3 occurrences
recordings                    3 occurrences
watched                       3 occurrences
riot                          3 occurrences
flights                       3 occurrences
rips                          3 occurrences
applying                      3 occurrences
practices                     3 occurrences
validate                      3 occurrences
giaccioon                     3 occurrences
reviewing                     3 occurrences
talked                        3 occurrences
warns                         3 occurrences
wrestling                     3 occurrences
handpicked                    3 occurrences
burn                          3 occurrences
bust                          3 occurrences
overbook                      3 occurrences
dispatched                    3 occurrences
corps                         3 occurrences
redeemed                      3 occurrences
visitors                      3 occurrences
fallacies                     3 occurrences
appalling                     3 occurrences
infighting                    3 occurrences
latino                        3 occurrences
sorosfunded                   3 occurrences
nicolas                       3 occurrences
confronted                    3 occurrences
arrival                       3 occurrences
exspy                         3 occurrences
hates                         3 occurrences
consumption                   3 occurrences
winter                        3 occurrences
loudobbs                      3 occurrences
lists                         3 occurrences
nyt                           3 occurrences
peacetime                     3 occurrences
listed                        3 occurrences
chase                         3 occurrences
poniewozik                    3 occurrences
ordervictoria                 3 occurrences
unreasonable                  3 occurrences
successor                     3 occurrences
overall                       3 occurrences
courage                       3 occurrences
postthe                       3 occurrences
efficiency                    3 occurrences
vaultthe                      3 occurrences
odd                           3 occurrences
tenex                         3 occurrences
singled                       3 occurrences
nasheed                       3 occurrences
liar                          3 occurrences
vetted                        3 occurrences
spite                         3 occurrences
crazed                        3 occurrences
oip                           3 occurrences
banning                       3 occurrences
posed                         3 occurrences
hijack                        3 occurrences
undermining                   3 occurrences
ransom                        3 occurrences
bizarre                       3 occurrences
clintonlynch                  3 occurrences
isaac                         3 occurrences
insiders                      3 occurrences
frankly                       3 occurrences
terminals                     3 occurrences
miss                          3 occurrences
russianus                     3 occurrences
terrible                      3 occurrences
constitutionally              3 occurrences
poorer                        3 occurrences
fixed                         3 occurrences
twisted                       3 occurrences
cubans                        3 occurrences
tenth                         3 occurrences
valued                        3 occurrences
elizabeth                     3 occurrences
customers                     3 occurrences
lips                          3 occurrences
weakness                      3 occurrences
analyzing                     3 occurrences
grandkids                     3 occurrences
shaking                       3 occurrences
ghost                         3 occurrences
terminate                     3 occurrences
investigationremember         3 occurrences
acknowledging                 3 occurrences
lengthy                       3 occurrences
fbithe                        3 occurrences
continuation                  3 occurrences
influencing                   3 occurrences
poorly                        3 occurrences
cancelling                    3 occurrences
supremacists                  3 occurrences
broader                       3 occurrences
implementing                  3 occurrences
oldest                        3 occurrences
smith                         3 occurrences
jongun                        3 occurrences
endorsement                   3 occurrences
detained                      3 occurrences
clintonrussia                 3 occurrences
kiss                          3 occurrences
rushmore                      3 occurrences
specify                       3 occurrences
pat                           3 occurrences
considers                     3 occurrences
resulting                     3 occurrences
bleeding                      3 occurrences
suffered                      3 occurrences
exercising                    3 occurrences
pirro                         3 occurrences
incidental                    3 occurrences
endorsed                      3 occurrences
pic                           3 occurrences
debtevading                   3 occurrences
intense                       3 occurrences
websites                      3 occurrences
spearheaded                   3 occurrences
filing                        3 occurrences
confirmedthe                  3 occurrences
respects                      3 occurrences
crude                         3 occurrences
transfers                     3 occurrences
jackson                       3 occurrences
pot                           3 occurrences
react                         3 occurrences
pop                           3 occurrences
improvement                   3 occurrences
outlet                        3 occurrences
audits                        3 occurrences
rescue                        3 occurrences
featuring                     3 occurrences
gift                          3 occurrences
unfortunately                 3 occurrences
migrant                       3 occurrences
encounter                     3 occurrences
picks                         3 occurrences
anomaly                       3 occurrences
rabbit                        3 occurrences
soldier                       3 occurrences
medium                        3 occurrences
arranged                      3 occurrences
destabilize                   3 occurrences
aca                           3 occurrences
intoxication                  3 occurrences
attributed                    3 occurrences
triggering                    3 occurrences
truman                        3 occurrences
hometown                      3 occurrences
announces                     3 occurrences
runaway                       3 occurrences
shifted                       3 occurrences
downtown                      3 occurrences
aim                           3 occurrences
girl                          3 occurrences
isolated                      3 occurrences
remotely                      3 occurrences
veteran                       3 occurrences
customs                       3 occurrences
theory                        3 occurrences
unity                         3 occurrences
fine                          3 occurrences
radiation                     3 occurrences
bills                         3 occurrences
exploded                      3 occurrences
shirt                         3 occurrences
politicization                3 occurrences
restarted                     3 occurrences
memorable                     3 occurrences
perry                         3 occurrences
rolled                        3 occurrences
challenged                    3 occurrences
predict                       3 occurrences
kushner                       3 occurrences
disease                       3 occurrences
strongest                     3 occurrences
wishes                        3 occurrences
art                           3 occurrences
pounded                       3 occurrences
invested                      3 occurrences
digs                          3 occurrences
leopold                       3 occurrences
write                         3 occurrences
finicum                       3 occurrences
murders                       3 occurrences
hilarie                       3 occurrences
somali                        3 occurrences
disparaging                   3 occurrences
reserves                      3 occurrences
ingrahamangle                 3 occurrences
inability                     3 occurrences
bolton                        3 occurrences
zakharova                     3 occurrences
federallyfunded               3 occurrences
exists                        3 occurrences
appreciate                    3 occurrences
rebel                         3 occurrences
jihad                         3 occurrences
pseudonym                     3 occurrences
watchdog                      3 occurrences
kidding                       3 occurrences
accuse                        3 occurrences
bag                           3 occurrences
minds                         3 occurrences
bought                        3 occurrences
releases                      3 occurrences
essential                     3 occurrences
moore                         3 occurrences
teaching                      3 occurrences
francois                      3 occurrences
dissent                       3 occurrences
snowflakes                    3 occurrences
chairwoman                    3 occurrences
anger                         3 occurrences
requesting                    3 occurrences
circulated                    3 occurrences
complained                    3 occurrences
insults                       3 occurrences
cite                          3 occurrences
explanation                   3 occurrences
unrelated                     3 occurrences
clerk                         3 occurrences
whistleblower                 3 occurrences
strictly                      3 occurrences
magnet                        3 occurrences
seize                         3 occurrences
undermined                    3 occurrences
download                      3 occurrences
ray                           3 occurrences
needy                         3 occurrences
headed                        3 occurrences
misled                        3 occurrences
gloves                        3 occurrences
waves                         3 occurrences
arrangement                   3 occurrences
bpr                           3 occurrences
gathering                     3 occurrences
lauer                         3 occurrences
regret                        3 occurrences
blackmail                     3 occurrences
astounding                    3 occurrences
abused                        3 occurrences
herridge                      3 occurrences
asserting                     3 occurrences
rfl                           3 occurrences
tears                         3 occurrences
tired                         3 occurrences
television                    3 occurrences
equipmenttheir                3 occurrences
confusing                     3 occurrences
jeanine                       3 occurrences
ardent                        3 occurrences
resisting                     3 occurrences
girls                         3 occurrences
bullying                      3 occurrences
package                       3 occurrences
puzder                        3 occurrences
rky                           3 occurrences
levin                         3 occurrences
packed                        3 occurrences
rental                        3 occurrences
revolution                    3 occurrences
rob                           3 occurrences
continuously                  3 occurrences
touched                       3 occurrences
contractor                    3 occurrences
schweizer                     3 occurrences
failures                      3 occurrences
ron                           3 occurrences
mutual                        3 occurrences
tapped                        3 occurrences
planthe                       3 occurrences
engaging                      3 occurrences
aside                         3 occurrences
concessions                   3 occurrences
differently                   3 occurrences
downright                     3 occurrences
lowers                        3 occurrences
lowest                        3 occurrences
sickening                     3 occurrences
resource                      3 occurrences
beneficial                    3 occurrences
emailed                       3 occurrences
disaster                      3 occurrences
loyal                         3 occurrences
nonbankruptcy                 3 occurrences
influx                        3 occurrences
automotive                    3 occurrences
perhaps                       3 occurrences
allcitizen                    3 occurrences
cis                           3 occurrences
contribution                  3 occurrences
whitehouse                    3 occurrences
aggressively                  3 occurrences
horror                        3 occurrences
cowboys                       3 occurrences
unsure                        3 occurrences
measure                       3 occurrences
stifling                      3 occurrences
netted                        3 occurrences
dispute                       3 occurrences
trumpformer                   3 occurrences
desired                       3 occurrences
huckabee                      3 occurrences
disastrous                    3 occurrences
implant                       3 occurrences
holes                         3 occurrences
undergo                       3 occurrences
prosecute                     3 occurrences
shelters                      3 occurrences
audience                      3 occurrences
earned                        3 occurrences
hispanic                      3 occurrences
hispanics                     3 occurrences
emphasize                     3 occurrences
mandated                      3 occurrences
harmony                       3 occurrences
clearing                      3 occurrences
thoughts                      3 occurrences
coincidence                   3 occurrences
earnest                       3 occurrences
captured                      3 occurrences
bernards                      3 occurrences
brain                         3 occurrences
precious                      3 occurrences
proving                       3 occurrences
inadequate                    3 occurrences
osama                         3 occurrences
kenneth                       3 occurrences
disagree                      3 occurrences
string                        3 occurrences
strategist                    3 occurrences
soap                          3 occurrences
soba                          3 occurrences
probethe                      3 occurrences
apologize                     3 occurrences
yorkers                       3 occurrences
traitor                       3 occurrences
toddler                       3 occurrences
bench                         3 occurrences
remained                      3 occurrences
dan                           3 occurrences
london                        3 occurrences
shinzo                        3 occurrences
rational                      3 occurrences
applicants                    3 occurrences
dictatorship                  3 occurrences
hayes                         3 occurrences
objections                    3 occurrences
tone                          3 occurrences
improved                      3 occurrences
predictions                   3 occurrences
ranchers                      3 occurrences
consolidated                  3 occurrences
recruit                       3 occurrences
soil                          3 occurrences
soin                          3 occurrences
india                         3 occurrences
brave                         3 occurrences
flip                          3 occurrences
unaware                       3 occurrences
sole                          3 occurrences
praise                        3 occurrences
achievement                   3 occurrences
separately                    3 occurrences
statewide                     3 occurrences
controls                      3 occurrences
override                      3 occurrences
marcel                        3 occurrences
publication                   3 occurrences
flow                          3 occurrences
dni                           3 occurrences
revenue                       3 occurrences
blatant                       3 occurrences
observer                      3 occurrences
dog                           3 occurrences
microsoft                     3 occurrences
jeopardized                   3 occurrences
reportsshortly                3 occurrences
queens                        3 occurrences
sonia                         3 occurrences
justify                       3 occurrences
hillaryclinton                3 occurrences
creditors                     3 occurrences
racketeering                  3 occurrences
weather                       3 occurrences
assessments                   3 occurrences
intervene                     3 occurrences
nationals                     3 occurrences
stops                         3 occurrences
mandate                       3 occurrences
glenn                         3 occurrences
landmark                      3 occurrences
instituted                    3 occurrences
physician                     3 occurrences
debated                       3 occurrences
dug                           3 occurrences
debates                       3 occurrences
tip                           3 occurrences
smugly                        3 occurrences
residences                    3 occurrences
spotlight                     3 occurrences
summary                       3 occurrences
industrial                    3 occurrences
verify                        3 occurrences
shutting                      3 occurrences
laptops                       3 occurrences
shoulder                      3 occurrences
wage                          3 occurrences
suspicion                     3 occurrences
imposed                       3 occurrences
lottery                       3 occurrences
regularly                     3 occurrences
humanity                      3 occurrences
blah                          3 occurrences
theater                       3 occurrences
professionals                 3 occurrences
onesided                      3 occurrences
irregularities                3 occurrences
pictured                      3 occurrences
pictures                      3 occurrences
poll                          3 occurrences
eat                           3 occurrences
skepticism                    3 occurrences
ear                           3 occurrences
chances                       3 occurrences
tvs                           3 occurrences
rogue                         3 occurrences
omaha                         3 occurrences
publishing                    3 occurrences
striking                      3 occurrences
carnage                       3 occurrences
obligation                    3 occurrences
uacs                          3 occurrences
planes                        3 occurrences
alive                         3 occurrences
destructive                   3 occurrences
nixon                         3 occurrences
initiatives                   3 occurrences
pressured                     3 occurrences
altitude                      3 occurrences
nongovernment                 3 occurrences
relatively                    3 occurrences
approvedformer                3 occurrences
whopping                      3 occurrences
blame                         3 occurrences
mechanisms                    3 occurrences
companion                     3 occurrences
trillions                     3 occurrences
enrollment                    3 occurrences
defrauded                     3 occurrences
kredo                         3 occurrences
departments                   3 occurrences
whatsoever                    3 occurrences
surgery                       3 occurrences
cybersecurity                 3 occurrences
hotels                        3 occurrences
pause                         3 occurrences
vast                          3 occurrences
drawn                         3 occurrences
criticize                     3 occurrences
achieved                      3 occurrences
reducing                      3 occurrences
contempt                      3 occurrences
displaying                    3 occurrences
frenzy                        3 occurrences
muchneeded                    3 occurrences
loan                          3 occurrences
accessible                    3 occurrences
islands                       3 occurrences
grateful                      3 occurrences
shipment                      3 occurrences
stretched                     3 occurrences
lock                          3 occurrences
croatia                       3 occurrences
saleh                         3 occurrences
sales                         3 occurrences
tall                          3 occurrences
theme                         3 occurrences
attendance                    3 occurrences
generations                   3 occurrences
restrict                      3 occurrences
temporary                     3 occurrences
pictwittercomehkqfyewdk       3 occurrences
nearby                        3 occurrences
tank                          3 occurrences
frustrated                    3 occurrences
misplaced                     3 occurrences
heather                       3 occurrences
logo                          3 occurrences
refuge                        3 occurrences
memorialize                   3 occurrences
relocate                      3 occurrences
sake                          3 occurrences
highlight                     3 occurrences
ronald                        3 occurrences
metric                        3 occurrences
lyndsey                       3 occurrences
contacted                     3 occurrences
complex                       3 occurrences
pouring                       3 occurrences
subjects                      3 occurrences
costing                       3 occurrences
shortage                      3 occurrences
routine                       3 occurrences
raid                          3 occurrences
tracking                      3 occurrences
thumb                         3 occurrences
balance                       3 occurrences
readers                       3 occurrences
campbell                      3 occurrences
wrotefbi                      3 occurrences
strategic                     3 occurrences
rightly                       3 occurrences
hemisphere                    3 occurrences
denial                        3 occurrences
historically                  3 occurrences
rank                          3 occurrences
guide                         3 occurrences
apolitical                    3 occurrences
smashed                       3 occurrences
rare                          3 occurrences
feb                           3 occurrences
arriving                      3 occurrences
confirming                    3 occurrences
dubious                       3 occurrences
alliance                      3 occurrences
celebrating                   3 occurrences
fnc                           3 occurrences
twist                         3 occurrences
teens                         3 occurrences
crossing                      3 occurrences
rightwing                     3 occurrences
egyptian                      3 occurrences
hoax                          3 occurrences
boondoggle                    3 occurrences
jose                          3 occurrences
relieved                      3 occurrences
unchanged                     3 occurrences
valley                        3 occurrences
obamaera                      3 occurrences
ruemmler                      3 occurrences
clever                        3 occurrences
enormous                      3 occurrences
explosion                     3 occurrences
circumvent                    3 occurrences
contend                       3 occurrences
fashion                       3 occurrences
substantially                 3 occurrences
overreach                     3 occurrences
baracketology                 3 occurrences
abruptly                      3 occurrences
formed                        3 occurrences
hole                          3 occurrences
breaching                     3 occurrences
altogether                    3 occurrences
trey                          3 occurrences
warren                        3 occurrences
louisiana                     3 occurrences
homs                          3 occurrences
detroit                       3 occurrences
outreach                      3 occurrences
consent                       3 occurrences
hook                          3 occurrences
suspension                    3 occurrences
trial                         3 occurrences
clashes                       3 occurrences
gao                           3 occurrences
passes                        3 occurrences
permanently                   3 occurrences
ranked                        3 occurrences
clause                        3 occurrences
enforced                      3 occurrences
timeline                      3 occurrences
backgroundhow                 3 occurrences
limandri                      3 occurrences
beast                         3 occurrences
picking                       3 occurrences
merit                         3 occurrences
methodist                     3 occurrences
temple                        3 occurrences
cautioned                     3 occurrences
dissident                     3 occurrences
communicating                 3 occurrences
cofounder                     3 occurrences
consume                       3 occurrences
trumprussia                   3 occurrences
tight                         3 occurrences
allout                        3 occurrences
mobile                        3 occurrences
usage                         3 occurrences
daytoday                      3 occurrences
chilling                      3 occurrences
upper                         3 occurrences
hezbollah                     3 occurrences
warriors                      3 occurrences
detaining                     3 occurrences
lazar                         3 occurrences
fool                          3 occurrences
farrell                       3 occurrences
hoped                         3 occurrences
difficulty                    3 occurrences
desperately                   3 occurrences
pitiful                       3 occurrences
sponsors                      3 occurrences
lake                          3 occurrences
rubles                        3 occurrences
earning                       3 occurrences
declare                       3 occurrences
photographed                  3 occurrences
scar                          3 occurrences
branch                        3 occurrences
lame                          3 occurrences
invitations                   3 occurrences
condemned                     3 occurrences
distinction                   3 occurrences
register                      3 occurrences
sentences                     3 occurrences
opted                         3 occurrences
brigade                       3 occurrences
partners                      3 occurrences
destiny                       3 occurrences
broadcast                     3 occurrences
flowed                        3 occurrences
purchasing                    3 occurrences
detailing                     3 occurrences
object                        3 occurrences
halting                       3 occurrences
encouraged                    3 occurrences
assume                        3 occurrences
cheaper                       3 occurrences
alobaisi                      3 occurrences
projects                      3 occurrences
supportive                    3 occurrences
paychecks                     3 occurrences
jake                          3 occurrences
treated                       3 occurrences
contracting                   3 occurrences
nbcnews                       3 occurrences
renewed                       3 occurrences
invest                        3 occurrences
han                           3 occurrences
termination                   3 occurrences
kobach                        3 occurrences
remind                        3 occurrences
suffolk                       3 occurrences
assure                        3 occurrences
presser                       3 occurrences
damaged                       3 occurrences
foursome                      3 occurrences
santa                         3 occurrences
damages                       3 occurrences
enacted                       3 occurrences
cops                          3 occurrences
chairs                        3 occurrences
chutkan                       3 occurrences
impacts                       3 occurrences
pardon                        3 occurrences
administrator                 3 occurrences
appoint                       3 occurrences
seoul                         3 occurrences
workforce                     3 occurrences
affiliations                  3 occurrences
issuing                       3 occurrences
posobiec                      3 occurrences
predicted                     3 occurrences
entering                      3 occurrences
chutkin                       3 occurrences
environmentalist              3 occurrences
alcoholrelated                3 occurrences
sudan                         3 occurrences
hitler                        3 occurrences
firestorm                     3 occurrences
homeless                      3 occurrences
ignorant                      3 occurrences
weaponized                    3 occurrences
score                         3 occurrences
crying                        3 occurrences
justification                 3 occurrences
applies                       3 occurrences
antonio                       3 occurrences
consumer                      3 occurrences
huh                           3 occurrences
antonin                       3 occurrences
rallies                       3 occurrences
gala                          3 occurrences
relaxed                       3 occurrences
households                    3 occurrences
hats                          3 occurrences
bows                          3 occurrences
proceedings                   3 occurrences
dream                         3 occurrences
faithfully                    3 occurrences
recruitment                   3 occurrences
cairo                         3 occurrences
bragged                       3 occurrences
shall                         3 occurrences
crooked                       3 occurrences
sorts                         3 occurrences
foldedabid                    3 occurrences
becky                         3 occurrences
begala                        3 occurrences
interfered                    3 occurrences
antibullying                  3 occurrences
justified                     3 occurrences
mikeroweworks                 3 occurrences
gate                          3 occurrences
hatreds                       3 occurrences
mansion                       3 occurrences
payer                         3 occurrences
constitutes                   3 occurrences
diplomat                      3 occurrences
hitting                       3 occurrences
evading                       3 occurrences
debit                         3 occurrences
overthrow                     3 occurrences
cohost                        3 occurrences
importance                    3 occurrences
dahman                        3 occurrences
willingness                   3 occurrences
contribute                    3 occurrences
intrusive                     3 occurrences
sweep                         3 occurrences
sweet                         3 occurrences
spends                        3 occurrences
guinea                        3 occurrences
proposes                      3 occurrences
discipline                    3 occurrences
jenks                         3 occurrences
defending                     3 occurrences
complain                      3 occurrences
shares                        3 occurrences
probes                        3 occurrences
presumptive                   3 occurrences
resolved                      3 occurrences
weaponizing                   3 occurrences
narratives                    3 occurrences
noncitizens                   3 occurrences
ease                          3 occurrences
myriad                        3 occurrences
debts                         3 occurrences
damn                          3 occurrences
missed                        3 occurrences
defeated                      3 occurrences
ministry                      3 occurrences
heroes                        3 occurrences
protested                     3 occurrences
ips                           3 occurrences
dark                          3 occurrences
vernal                        3 occurrences
stakes                        3 occurrences
fires                         3 occurrences
pending                       3 occurrences
troopers                      3 occurrences
exception                     3 occurrences
hypocrisy                     3 occurrences
deadline                      3 occurrences
arrows                        3 occurrences
surrounded                    3 occurrences
atlantic                      3 occurrences
alliances                     3 occurrences
relayed                       3 occurrences
mower                         3 occurrences
offset                        3 occurrences
grab                          3 occurrences
predecessor                   3 occurrences
blunt                         3 occurrences
cratty                        3 occurrences
storyfox                      3 occurrences
everyday                      3 occurrences
daya                          3 occurrences
carl                          3 occurrences
kcna                          3 occurrences
partial                       3 occurrences
steep                         3 occurrences
occur                         3 occurrences
match                         3 occurrences
horse                         3 occurrences
doubt                         3 occurrences
incomes                       3 occurrences
fundraiser                    3 occurrences
greatly                       3 occurrences
footage                       3 occurrences
texts                         3 occurrences
awans                         3 occurrences
jay                           3 occurrences
rails                         3 occurrences
privately                     3 occurrences
pilot                         3 occurrences
mississippi                   2 occurrences
mideast                       2 occurrences
hassanein                     2 occurrences
meese                         2 occurrences
gunshots                      2 occurrences
designated                    2 occurrences
diminishing                   2 occurrences
onfor                         2 occurrences
exploding                     2 occurrences
bats                          2 occurrences
rains                         2 occurrences
jet                           2 occurrences
jew                           2 occurrences
pounds                        2 occurrences
switching                     2 occurrences
huntinga                      2 occurrences
usiranian                     2 occurrences
reportedour                   2 occurrences
pledged                       2 occurrences
enduring                      2 occurrences
reassure                      2 occurrences
distributed                   2 occurrences
tenants                       2 occurrences
gratitude                     2 occurrences
areasinaugural                2 occurrences
exxonmobil                    2 occurrences
scare                         2 occurrences
chimps                        2 occurrences
unjustly                      2 occurrences
chasing                       2 occurrences
mobility                      2 occurrences
gallery                       2 occurrences
bayh                          2 occurrences
policiesread                  2 occurrences
intending                     2 occurrences
lopsided                      2 occurrences
earthquake                    2 occurrences
specifics                     2 occurrences
expired                       2 occurrences
wartime                       2 occurrences
basedvet                      2 occurrences
sums                          2 occurrences
hajyousef                     2 occurrences
eligibility                   2 occurrences
residing                      2 occurrences
parenthood                    2 occurrences
pastor                        2 occurrences
golden                        2 occurrences
stomach                       2 occurrences
decisive                      2 occurrences
ruin                          2 occurrences
quadruples                    2 occurrences
tokyo                         2 occurrences
joy                           2 occurrences
inaudible                     2 occurrences
cornell                       2 occurrences
vernon                        2 occurrences
stressed                      2 occurrences
satanic                       2 occurrences
courtroom                     2 occurrences
chanting                      2 occurrences
nonsense                      2 occurrences
alteen                        2 occurrences
frbny                         2 occurrences
biography                     2 occurrences
antisemitism                  2 occurrences
forbidden                     2 occurrences
bricks                        2 occurrences
dripping                      2 occurrences
bader                         2 occurrences
elects                        2 occurrences
unethical                     2 occurrences
hosko                         2 occurrences
carlos                        2 occurrences
behavioral                    2 occurrences
milwaukee                     2 occurrences
distaste                      2 occurrences
zip                           2 occurrences
yearsso                       2 occurrences
destroyer                     2 occurrences
czars                         2 occurrences
fcdf                          2 occurrences
patience                      2 occurrences
slashed                       2 occurrences
banquet                       2 occurrences
scores                        2 occurrences
accuracy                      2 occurrences
communicated                  2 occurrences
corners                       2 occurrences
midair                        2 occurrences
runup                         2 occurrences
billing                       2 occurrences
relocation                    2 occurrences
buchert                       2 occurrences
compelling                    2 occurrences
accuses                       2 occurrences
vague                         2 occurrences
objectives                    2 occurrences
loans                         2 occurrences
outsourced                    2 occurrences
indicates                     2 occurrences
warrior                       2 occurrences
tenets                        2 occurrences
ravage                        2 occurrences
criticizing                   2 occurrences
manages                       2 occurrences
ivanka                        2 occurrences
goodbye                       2 occurrences
transformation                2 occurrences
officersthe                   2 occurrences
watergate                     2 occurrences
waited                        2 occurrences
shower                        2 occurrences
meal                          2 occurrences
thinker                       2 occurrences
recoverrand                   2 occurrences
performance                   2 occurrences
radicals                      2 occurrences
violin                        2 occurrences
neiu                          2 occurrences
extremist                     2 occurrences
kan                           2 occurrences
westby                        2 occurrences
revived                       2 occurrences
considerable                  2 occurrences
bret                          2 occurrences
dakota                        2 occurrences
punish                        2 occurrences
mediate                       2 occurrences
administrationbreaking        2 occurrences
assaulted                     2 occurrences
rfid                          2 occurrences
imprisoned                    2 occurrences
considerably                  2 occurrences
landrieu                      2 occurrences
crown                         2 occurrences
drum                          2 occurrences
heartbreaking                 2 occurrences
qualify                       2 occurrences
fighters                      2 occurrences
facilitated                   2 occurrences
minnesota                     2 occurrences
secretive                     2 occurrences
sigmar                        2 occurrences
bullied                       2 occurrences
faulkner                      2 occurrences
bates                         2 occurrences
edmonton                      2 occurrences
painful                       2 occurrences
brit                          2 occurrences
characterized                 2 occurrences
clintonsenator                2 occurrences
demonstrated                  2 occurrences
ocean                         2 occurrences
performing                    2 occurrences
fairness                      2 occurrences
dcalif                        2 occurrences
absorbed                      2 occurrences
sissi                         2 occurrences
basking                       2 occurrences
skills                        2 occurrences
advising                      2 occurrences
worry                         2 occurrences
bunker                        2 occurrences
yearthe                       2 occurrences
highrisk                      2 occurrences
kkk                           2 occurrences
meme                          2 occurrences
herald                        2 occurrences
officialsthe                  2 occurrences
crazies                       2 occurrences
struggle                      2 occurrences
pocket                        2 occurrences
mauro                         2 occurrences
jordan                        2 occurrences
complimented                  2 occurrences
iraqis                        2 occurrences
alternative                   2 occurrences
goodlatte                     2 occurrences
populations                   2 occurrences
deductibles                   2 occurrences
attachments                   2 occurrences
nightly                       2 occurrences
bridge                        2 occurrences
outa                          2 occurrences
sonofabitch                   2 occurrences
uniform                       2 occurrences
mere                          2 occurrences
forefront                     2 occurrences
negotiators                   2 occurrences
throngs                       2 occurrences
morningpresident              2 occurrences
frequent                      2 occurrences
forbid                        2 occurrences
bohanna                       2 occurrences
hunters                       2 occurrences
desperation                   2 occurrences
zahran                        2 occurrences
fullest                       2 occurrences
traced                        2 occurrences
yelled                        2 occurrences
councilman                    2 occurrences
spewing                       2 occurrences
disorder                      2 occurrences
luck                          2 occurrences
leon                          2 occurrences
occasionally                  2 occurrences
grantstyle                    2 occurrences
surveilled                    2 occurrences
trigger                       2 occurrences
customary                     2 occurrences
admire                        2 occurrences
teenage                       2 occurrences
espn                          2 occurrences
hotly                         2 occurrences
surveyed                      2 occurrences
alarmed                       2 occurrences
sleep                         2 occurrences
zelnicek                      2 occurrences
correspondence                2 occurrences
antisemitic                   2 occurrences
adjacent                      2 occurrences
peered                        2 occurrences
admits                        2 occurrences
invoked                       2 occurrences
holocaust                     2 occurrences
undertaking                   2 occurrences
export                        2 occurrences
relax                         2 occurrences
unredacted                    2 occurrences
chairmanbut                   2 occurrences
uraniumonedeal                2 occurrences
enacting                      2 occurrences
enrolled                      2 occurrences
bombings                      2 occurrences
opposes                       2 occurrences
biggs                         2 occurrences
favoritism                    2 occurrences
woodwork                      2 occurrences
yourself                      2 occurrences
pictwittercomasnvxtzmuz       2 occurrences
garbage                       2 occurrences
deepest                       2 occurrences
responses                     2 occurrences
estranged                     2 occurrences
misuse                        2 occurrences
garciagarnica                 2 occurrences
stadium                       2 occurrences
grandfather                   2 occurrences
medicare                      2 occurrences
hacksspecial                  2 occurrences
palos                         2 occurrences
infidel                       2 occurrences
saluting                      2 occurrences
attached                      2 occurrences
swap                          2 occurrences
brink                         2 occurrences
richman                       2 occurrences
cathedral                     2 occurrences
nbcnightlynews                2 occurrences
intimidating                  2 occurrences
edge                          2 occurrences
catholic                      2 occurrences
psychologically               2 occurrences
sparked                       2 occurrences
juan                          2 occurrences
wellbeing                     2 occurrences
assured                       2 occurrences
protective                    2 occurrences
souza                         2 occurrences
governors                     2 occurrences
stupidity                     2 occurrences
imposing                      2 occurrences
moreover                      2 occurrences
fridaythe                     2 occurrences
surfaced                      2 occurrences
deserving                     2 occurrences
wetumpka                      2 occurrences
itjulian                      2 occurrences
leg                           2 occurrences
unacceptable                  2 occurrences
accommodate                   2 occurrences
jessica                       2 occurrences
deems                         2 occurrences
marching                      2 occurrences
carries                       2 occurrences
keys                          2 occurrences
multinational                 2 occurrences
engrained                     2 occurrences
unlikely                      2 occurrences
offending                     2 occurrences
condemning                    2 occurrences
agendas                       2 occurrences
trucking                      2 occurrences
hopeful                       2 occurrences
nytimes                       2 occurrences
frigate                       2 occurrences
singapore                     2 occurrences
unaccompanied                 2 occurrences
inundated                     2 occurrences
graduating                    2 occurrences
evacuees                      2 occurrences
quick                         2 occurrences
nflonfox                      2 occurrences
dismissal                     2 occurrences
saidas                        2 occurrences
injuriesaccording             2 occurrences
unnoticed                     2 occurrences
asia                          2 occurrences
coppergate                    2 occurrences
crowding                      2 occurrences
barracks                      2 occurrences
maintains                     2 occurrences
dcbased                       2 occurrences
pillars                       2 occurrences
sketchy                       2 occurrences
boiling                       2 occurrences
judgement                     2 occurrences
hungarians                    2 occurrences
cardinals                     2 occurrences
fortunate                     2 occurrences
longrange                     2 occurrences
briefs                        2 occurrences
mistaken                      2 occurrences
recognizing                   2 occurrences
stance                        2 occurrences
fueled                        2 occurrences
mothers                       2 occurrences
duplicate                     2 occurrences
annualized                    2 occurrences
counterparts                  2 occurrences
saidhe                        2 occurrences
favorable                     2 occurrences
clintonuranium                2 occurrences
missusa                       2 occurrences
judgenap                      2 occurrences
patriotic                     2 occurrences
authorize                     2 occurrences
emailing                      2 occurrences
cowardly                      2 occurrences
vocally                       2 occurrences
sheep                         2 occurrences
qualities                     2 occurrences
sheet                         2 occurrences
principal                     2 occurrences
multistakeholder              2 occurrences
motorcade                     2 occurrences
mahmood                       2 occurrences
situated                      2 occurrences
olbermann                     2 occurrences
hugo                          2 occurrences
locka                         2 occurrences
generate                      2 occurrences
hungry                        2 occurrences
sexual                        2 occurrences
printed                       2 occurrences
solving                       2 occurrences
frauda                        2 occurrences
magic                         2 occurrences
cycle                         2 occurrences
disparaged                    2 occurrences
afterward                     2 occurrences
barriers                      2 occurrences
tasked                        2 occurrences
allocate                      2 occurrences
saidon                        2 occurrences
hahacongressman               2 occurrences
truthful                      2 occurrences
supermarket                   2 occurrences
handing                       2 occurrences
typos                         2 occurrences
shit                          2 occurrences
murderer                      2 occurrences
initiated                     2 occurrences
scoffed                       2 occurrences
acosta                        2 occurrences
camarata                      2 occurrences
objection                     2 occurrences
lowcost                       2 occurrences
killer                        2 occurrences
cucumber                      2 occurrences
andrea                        2 occurrences
nominees                      2 occurrences
thru                          2 occurrences
blaring                       2 occurrences
confidentiality               2 occurrences
loser                         2 occurrences
clothing                      2 occurrences
rethink                       2 occurrences
redneck                       2 occurrences
calmly                        2 occurrences
fema                          2 occurrences
shafiq                        2 occurrences
noble                         2 occurrences
obamaappointed                2 occurrences
hostage                       2 occurrences
sepsis                        2 occurrences
expedition                    2 occurrences
wild                          2 occurrences
fateful                       2 occurrences
jailed                        2 occurrences
artillery                     2 occurrences
owen                          2 occurrences
mad                           2 occurrences
shoe                          2 occurrences
delegates                     2 occurrences
fleeing                       2 occurrences
snarky                        2 occurrences
deck                          2 occurrences
sassy                         2 occurrences
serpentine                    2 occurrences
undercuts                     2 occurrences
mehta                         2 occurrences
warehouse                     2 occurrences
delivery                      2 occurrences
amazed                        2 occurrences
cybercrimes                   2 occurrences
incorrectly                   2 occurrences
backers                       2 occurrences
deer                          2 occurrences
distributing                  2 occurrences
latham                        2 occurrences
updated                       2 occurrences
timea                         2 occurrences
saidmr                        2 occurrences
wise                          2 occurrences
arrests                       2 occurrences
repairable                    2 occurrences
districts                     2 occurrences
lgbt                          2 occurrences
distribution                  2 occurrences
chants                        2 occurrences
electionin                    2 occurrences
condolences                   2 occurrences
nevertheless                  2 occurrences
darrell                       2 occurrences
locations                     2 occurrences
undersecretary                2 occurrences
classmate                     2 occurrences
ysidro                        2 occurrences
asianamerican                 2 occurrences
abandoning                    2 occurrences
peopleit                      2 occurrences
elsisi                        2 occurrences
scoring                       2 occurrences
blind                         2 occurrences
suspects                      2 occurrences
profit                        2 occurrences
throat                        2 occurrences
smells                        2 occurrences
reminder                      2 occurrences
jacksonlee                    2 occurrences
highlights                    2 occurrences
dcexaminer                    2 occurrences
tuition                       2 occurrences
counterintelligence           2 occurrences
entitlement                   2 occurrences
mom                           2 occurrences
argentina                     2 occurrences
anytime                       2 occurrences
fisher                        2 occurrences
standpoint                    2 occurrences
sadly                         2 occurrences
reward                        2 occurrences
unconscious                   2 occurrences
beau                          2 occurrences
restaurant                    2 occurrences
discharge                     2 occurrences
hampshire                     2 occurrences
alleging                      2 occurrences
punishment                    2 occurrences
lashed                        2 occurrences
metropolitan                  2 occurrences
affairsour                    2 occurrences
fuss                          2 occurrences
duel                          2 occurrences
hasan                         2 occurrences
swirl                         2 occurrences
washingtonreporter            2 occurrences
civmilair                     2 occurrences
troop                         2 occurrences
mohammed                      2 occurrences
countryhere                   2 occurrences
msm                           2 occurrences
proved                        2 occurrences
shaffer                       2 occurrences
inhouse                       2 occurrences
fixing                        2 occurrences
trusted                       2 occurrences
elitists                      2 occurrences
finger                        2 occurrences
necessarily                   2 occurrences
slated                        2 occurrences
giaccio                       2 occurrences
mitchell                      2 occurrences
incentives                    2 occurrences
watkins                       2 occurrences
expelling                     2 occurrences
cbsnews                       2 occurrences
katsyv                        2 occurrences
framing                       2 occurrences
wiquist                       2 occurrences
describing                    2 occurrences
extensively                   2 occurrences
kilometers                    2 occurrences
takedowns                     2 occurrences
pipes                         2 occurrences
peoplewe                      2 occurrences
infection                     2 occurrences
exemptions                    2 occurrences
bracket                       2 occurrences
westchester                   2 occurrences
recalled                      2 occurrences
ireland                       2 occurrences
perceived                     2 occurrences
naively                       2 occurrences
zhirinovsky                   2 occurrences
lyrics                        2 occurrences
immigrate                     2 occurrences
briefings                     2 occurrences
islamophobia                  2 occurrences
confinement                   2 occurrences
disarmament                   2 occurrences
establishing                  2 occurrences
accompanying                  2 occurrences
acknowledges                  2 occurrences
outraged                      2 occurrences
bend                          2 occurrences
neonazi                       2 occurrences
scared                        2 occurrences
kicker                        2 occurrences
opposing                      2 occurrences
miscellaneous                 2 occurrences
stonewalled                   2 occurrences
exbritish                     2 occurrences
goldstein                     2 occurrences
sing                          2 occurrences
selecting                     2 occurrences
sink                          2 occurrences
notorious                     2 occurrences
eating                        2 occurrences
whacker                       2 occurrences
mirrors                       2 occurrences
patterns                      2 occurrences
definite                      2 occurrences
inspired                      2 occurrences
wholesale                     2 occurrences
housethe                      2 occurrences
slamming                      2 occurrences
excia                         2 occurrences
clintonrelated                2 occurrences
sharing                       2 occurrences
iranthe                       2 occurrences
valerie                       2 occurrences
pants                         2 occurrences
introducing                   2 occurrences
intermediaterange             2 occurrences
suite                         2 occurrences
nightmare                     2 occurrences
skeptical                     2 occurrences
armored                       2 occurrences
treatmentthe                  2 occurrences
plate                         2 occurrences
devastate                     2 occurrences
wilcox                        2 occurrences
enforce                       2 occurrences
combined                      2 occurrences
overcome                      2 occurrences
regimental                    2 occurrences
finances                      2 occurrences
roads                         2 occurrences
sits                          2 occurrences
moniker                       2 occurrences
genocide                      2 occurrences
cure                          2 occurrences
ring                          2 occurrences
thattwo                       2 occurrences
plowing                       2 occurrences
bishops                       2 occurrences
collective                    2 occurrences
disrespect                    2 occurrences
ripe                          2 occurrences
investigationbut              2 occurrences
practiced                     2 occurrences
maoists                       2 occurrences
finland                       2 occurrences
hakeem                        2 occurrences
gleaned                       2 occurrences
plays                         2 occurrences
fallin                        2 occurrences
certificate                   2 occurrences
signing                       2 occurrences
mohamed                       2 occurrences
origins                       2 occurrences
capandtrade                   2 occurrences
connolly                      2 occurrences
replacedthere                 2 occurrences
trevor                        2 occurrences
elaborated                    2 occurrences
sympathies                    2 occurrences
describe                      2 occurrences
piqued                        2 occurrences
miguel                        2 occurrences
khan                          2 occurrences
careless                      2 occurrences
verifying                     2 occurrences
irritated                     2 occurrences
commercials                   2 occurrences
bury                          2 occurrences
exaggerating                  2 occurrences
non                           2 occurrences
steaks                        2 occurrences
irony                         2 occurrences
nom                           2 occurrences
busy                          2 occurrences
privatize                     2 occurrences
saeed                         2 occurrences
tortured                      2 occurrences
frozen                        2 occurrences
guerre                        2 occurrences
sponsor                       2 occurrences
idlib                         2 occurrences
supposedly                    2 occurrences
sender                        2 occurrences
nrg                           2 occurrences
pitfalls                      2 occurrences
amusement                     2 occurrences
jokers                        2 occurrences
hilllois                      2 occurrences
nsc                           2 occurrences
latina                        2 occurrences
pile                          2 occurrences
pulling                       2 occurrences
heels                         2 occurrences
proudly                       2 occurrences
outline                       2 occurrences
compassionate                 2 occurrences
youngin                       2 occurrences
tracb                         2 occurrences
huhher                        2 occurrences
weighing                      2 occurrences
resurface                     2 occurrences
viewswell                     2 occurrences
shapiro                       2 occurrences
dressed                       2 occurrences
chant                         2 occurrences
android                       2 occurrences
destabilizing                 2 occurrences
capability                    2 occurrences
auto                          2 occurrences
spaces                        2 occurrences
organs                        2 occurrences
rancho                        2 occurrences
english                       2 occurrences
arrives                       2 occurrences
mails                         2 occurrences
choices                       2 occurrences
resorting                     2 occurrences
ambition                      2 occurrences
repair                        2 occurrences
ryun                          2 occurrences
sheikhoun                     2 occurrences
thankfully                    2 occurrences
ports                         2 occurrences
restricting                   2 occurrences
complicit                     2 occurrences
potusthe                      2 occurrences
circles                       2 occurrences
subsidiary                    2 occurrences
graph                         2 occurrences
tigers                        2 occurrences
woven                         2 occurrences
ambitious                     2 occurrences
lowered                       2 occurrences
crumbling                     2 occurrences
practitioners                 2 occurrences
farenthold                    2 occurrences
spike                         2 occurrences
attacker                      2 occurrences
restoring                     2 occurrences
bacterial                     2 occurrences
scatter                       2 occurrences
legislator                    2 occurrences
jurisdiction                  2 occurrences
ulysses                       2 occurrences
guards                        2 occurrences
unpaid                        2 occurrences
ranks                         2 occurrences
leakwikileaks                 2 occurrences
hereby                        2 occurrences
tubes                         2 occurrences
delays                        2 occurrences
exclaimed                     2 occurrences
unchained                     2 occurrences
diagnosed                     2 occurrences
assigned                      2 occurrences
edward                        2 occurrences
scientists                    2 occurrences
presidentit                   2 occurrences
caroline                      2 occurrences
embarrassed                   2 occurrences
newspaper                     2 occurrences
furniture                     2 occurrences
confirmation                  2 occurrences
erased                        2 occurrences
alligators                    2 occurrences
aftermath                     2 occurrences
hockey                        2 occurrences
garcia                        2 occurrences
madison                       2 occurrences
cornering                     2 occurrences
momac                         2 occurrences
jerdana                       2 occurrences
expresses                     2 occurrences
pictwittercomnowhuiidsb       2 occurrences
mayors                        2 occurrences
guantanamo                    2 occurrences
awful                         2 occurrences
zipcar                        2 occurrences
threatens                     2 occurrences
shaming                       2 occurrences
hyphen                        2 occurrences
oil                           2 occurrences
tensofthousands               2 occurrences
congresswoman                 2 occurrences
elhaddad                      2 occurrences
strengthen                    2 occurrences
milo                          2 occurrences
geopolitical                  2 occurrences
flimsy                        2 occurrences
ceasefire                     2 occurrences
prestige                      2 occurrences
setup                         2 occurrences
verdes                        2 occurrences
deployments                   2 occurrences
residential                   2 occurrences
newark                        2 occurrences
mine                          2 occurrences
poses                         2 occurrences
slogans                       2 occurrences
omb                           2 occurrences
wasnt                         2 occurrences
representations               2 occurrences
valid                         2 occurrences
purportedly                   2 occurrences
trillion                      2 occurrences
stategov                      2 occurrences
topsecret                     2 occurrences
explorer                      2 occurrences
proamerican                   2 occurrences
upgrade                       2 occurrences
mailed                        2 occurrences
downit                        2 occurrences
clapperhere                   2 occurrences
altar                         2 occurrences
fewer                         2 occurrences
admitting                     2 occurrences
interior                      2 occurrences
organize                      2 occurrences
flies                         2 occurrences
brainiacsrep                  2 occurrences
impeachmentwaters             2 occurrences
dropping                      2 occurrences
premium                       2 occurrences
baier                         2 occurrences
demonstrating                 2 occurrences
buttocks                      2 occurrences
unchecked                     2 occurrences
infiltration                  2 occurrences
jamilah                       2 occurrences
fictional                     2 occurrences
yiannopoulos                  2 occurrences
slaves                        2 occurrences
betting                       2 occurrences
benefitsread                  2 occurrences
stress                        2 occurrences
experienced                   2 occurrences
owe                           2 occurrences
republicanssmu                2 occurrences
extra                         2 occurrences
medenbach                     2 occurrences
agrees                        2 occurrences
catherine                     2 occurrences
eduardo                       2 occurrences
appearances                   2 occurrences
therescalise                  2 occurrences
firebombed                    2 occurrences
lite                          2 occurrences
delayed                       2 occurrences
antiislamic                   2 occurrences
unfold                        2 occurrences
enrichment                    2 occurrences
skip                          2 occurrences
notable                       2 occurrences
untrue                        2 occurrences
emphasized                    2 occurrences
consequently                  2 occurrences
witnessed                     2 occurrences
occurring                     2 occurrences
sergey                        2 occurrences
developer                     2 occurrences
presented                     2 occurrences
intends                       2 occurrences
instruction                   2 occurrences
defraud                       2 occurrences
sensitivity                   2 occurrences
mumford                       2 occurrences
nafta                         2 occurrences
snippets                      2 occurrences
incentivized                  2 occurrences
rumored                       2 occurrences
detractors                    2 occurrences
tightly                       2 occurrences
murray                        2 occurrences
participating                 2 occurrences
banking                       2 occurrences
gruber                        2 occurrences
nerve                         2 occurrences
enables                       2 occurrences
resignations                  2 occurrences
detainer                      2 occurrences
tampering                     2 occurrences
charging                      2 occurrences
grigorovich                   2 occurrences
rarely                        2 occurrences
crimea                        2 occurrences
paz                           2 occurrences
oligarchyvia                  2 occurrences
kits                          2 occurrences
milos                         2 occurrences
walmart                       2 occurrences
slips                         2 occurrences
submitted                     2 occurrences
murderthe                     2 occurrences
relate                        2 occurrences
voluntarily                   2 occurrences
eliminating                   2 occurrences
lenient                       2 occurrences
caribbean                     2 occurrences
rebuked                       2 occurrences
statementvia                  2 occurrences
weighs                        2 occurrences
actress                       2 occurrences
registering                   2 occurrences
treaties                      2 occurrences
expectations                  2 occurrences
venezuelans                   2 occurrences
unfolding                     2 occurrences
drafted                       2 occurrences
chad                          2 occurrences
kickback                      2 occurrences
pin                           2 occurrences
chat                          2 occurrences
snooping                      2 occurrences
preet                         2 occurrences
hungarianborn                 2 occurrences
scheduling                    2 occurrences
needham                       2 occurrences
detective                     2 occurrences
lieberman                     2 occurrences
terminal                      2 occurrences
disingenuously                2 occurrences
intents                       2 occurrences
jacqueline                    2 occurrences
screenshot                    2 occurrences
oppressed                     2 occurrences
forged                        2 occurrences
refugeesthe                   2 occurrences
glass                         2 occurrences
lingering                     2 occurrences
skyrocketing                  2 occurrences
dismissing                    2 occurrences
actressmodel                  2 occurrences
ramping                       2 occurrences
damaging                      2 occurrences
symbolic                      2 occurrences
rouhani                       2 occurrences
tourist                       2 occurrences
praising                      2 occurrences
yelling                       2 occurrences
navarro                       2 occurrences
modestincome                  2 occurrences
barbell                       2 occurrences
dreams                        2 occurrences
treating                      2 occurrences
cruel                         2 occurrences
ayrault                       2 occurrences
season                        2 occurrences
tension                       2 occurrences
reads                         2 occurrences
unifying                      2 occurrences
bumped                        2 occurrences
actionscapitol                2 occurrences
confirms                      2 occurrences
mccorkle                      2 occurrences
annoying                      2 occurrences
republicansthe                2 occurrences
scholarships                  2 occurrences
slap                          2 occurrences
uphold                        2 occurrences
pedestrians                   2 occurrences
deficits                      2 occurrences
homicide                      2 occurrences
interpreting                  2 occurrences
explicitly                    2 occurrences
accidentally                  2 occurrences
logic                         2 occurrences
campusthe                     2 occurrences
controlled                    2 occurrences
length                        2 occurrences
vanessa                       2 occurrences
contradiction                 2 occurrences
newsroom                      2 occurrences
notwithstanding               2 occurrences
dismissive                    2 occurrences
gill                          2 occurrences
flames                        2 occurrences
talented                      2 occurrences
tackle                        2 occurrences
recession                     2 occurrences
diazbalart                    2 occurrences
vaughan                       2 occurrences
hits                          2 occurrences
denounce                      2 occurrences
underemployed                 2 occurrences
quotas                        2 occurrences
marilou                       2 occurrences
prett                         2 occurrences
archive                       2 occurrences
welcomed                      2 occurrences
bakerhostetler                2 occurrences
welcomes                      2 occurrences
killers                       2 occurrences
popovich                      2 occurrences
advanced                      2 occurrences
potty                         2 occurrences
provocations                  2 occurrences
darting                       2 occurrences
bailey                        2 occurrences
porter                        2 occurrences
haunting                      2 occurrences
righteous                     2 occurrences
speller                       2 occurrences
regain                        2 occurrences
walker                        2 occurrences
sustained                     2 occurrences
battalions                    2 occurrences
spanning                      2 occurrences
crush                         2 occurrences
usrussian                     2 occurrences
aka                           2 occurrences
policymakers                  2 occurrences
units                         2 occurrences
environmentalists             2 occurrences
calendars                     2 occurrences
compounds                     2 occurrences
hilarious                     2 occurrences
hamburg                       2 occurrences
image                         2 occurrences
overwhelmingly                2 occurrences
preventing                    2 occurrences
amy                           2 occurrences
awarded                       2 occurrences
backing                       2 occurrences
samsung                       2 occurrences
ana                           2 occurrences
puppet                        2 occurrences
oversaw                       2 occurrences
occurrence                    2 occurrences
kellyanne                     2 occurrences
nofly                         2 occurrences
singling                      2 occurrences
complied                      2 occurrences
disdain                       2 occurrences
gunshotscongressmen           2 occurrences
spring                        2 occurrences
functions                     2 occurrences
sierra                        2 occurrences
implode                       2 occurrences
outstanding                   2 occurrences
quoted                        2 occurrences
dignitaries                   2 occurrences
occasion                      2 occurrences
politicsdobbs                 2 occurrences
unresolved                    2 occurrences
oversee                       2 occurrences
digging                       2 occurrences
balanced                      2 occurrences
oxford                        2 occurrences
regard                        2 occurrences
inherent                      2 occurrences
bombing                       2 occurrences
ideals                        2 occurrences
picture                       2 occurrences
desert                        2 occurrences
bribing                       2 occurrences
pilger                        2 occurrences
crusade                       2 occurrences
hodgson                       2 occurrences
wrist                         2 occurrences
burdensome                    2 occurrences
rewards                       2 occurrences
higbie                        2 occurrences
blockbusters                  2 occurrences
extraordinarily               2 occurrences
escalation                    2 occurrences
latin                         2 occurrences
reelected                     2 occurrences
secede                        2 occurrences
prevalent                     2 occurrences
conservation                  2 occurrences
columnist                     2 occurrences
trumpa                        2 occurrences
editoratlarge                 2 occurrences
elaine                        2 occurrences
hardearned                    2 occurrences
cnnnewsroom                   2 occurrences
dismantling                   2 occurrences
startling                     2 occurrences
unique                        2 occurrences
livid                         2 occurrences
syringes                      2 occurrences
cared                         2 occurrences
shifting                      2 occurrences
accomplished                  2 occurrences
advisory                      2 occurrences
administrative                2 occurrences
thereof                       2 occurrences
flurry                        2 occurrences
payrollimran                  2 occurrences
ruthless                      2 occurrences
anticipated                   2 occurrences
explosives                    2 occurrences
kendall                       2 occurrences
cites                         2 occurrences
dire                          2 occurrences
joins                         2 occurrences
worthy                        2 occurrences
jaffy                         2 occurrences
swayed                        2 occurrences
explicit                      2 occurrences
baker                         2 occurrences
arrogance                     2 occurrences
bat                           2 occurrences
argues                        2 occurrences
hispanicamericans             2 occurrences
disagreement                  2 occurrences
laguardia                     2 occurrences
teach                         2 occurrences
gpsthe                        2 occurrences
plethora                      2 occurrences
authentic                     2 occurrences
convicted                     2 occurrences
orchestrated                  2 occurrences
summarizing                   2 occurrences
nikkihaley                    2 occurrences
mainly                        2 occurrences
chased                        2 occurrences
cnbcmnuchin                   2 occurrences
pertinent                     2 occurrences
generator                     2 occurrences
defiant                       2 occurrences
wooden                        2 occurrences
folds                         2 occurrences
wishing                       2 occurrences
shelby                        2 occurrences
axios                         2 occurrences
themthe                       2 occurrences
aids                          2 occurrences
winwin                        2 occurrences
lifted                        2 occurrences
cancel                        2 occurrences
syriathe                      2 occurrences
teller                        2 occurrences
precise                       2 occurrences
crayons                       2 occurrences
patrols                       2 occurrences
tributes                      2 occurrences
underestimate                 2 occurrences
anticipate                    2 occurrences
pundits                       2 occurrences
steinle                       2 occurrences
breathtaking                  2 occurrences
recordsthe                    2 occurrences
kiosk                         2 occurrences
element                       2 occurrences
replyhere                     2 occurrences
frustrations                  2 occurrences
strengthening                 2 occurrences
strings                       2 occurrences
patrons                       2 occurrences
costume                       2 occurrences
afforded                      2 occurrences
prodemocrat                   2 occurrences
innovation                    2 occurrences
tomahawk                      2 occurrences
blm                           2 occurrences
manufacturing                 2 occurrences
classes                       2 occurrences
peculiar                      2 occurrences
christians                    2 occurrences
emerge                        2 occurrences
freedoms                      2 occurrences
hollowingout                  2 occurrences
ladies                        2 occurrences
unearthed                     2 occurrences
antiintellectualism           2 occurrences
bob                           2 occurrences
anspach                       2 occurrences
hammered                      2 occurrences
kingdom                       2 occurrences
infiltrated                   2 occurrences
bith                          2 occurrences
utmost                        2 occurrences
contracted                    2 occurrences
discriminatory                2 occurrences
zinke                         2 occurrences
aims                          2 occurrences
bulletin                      2 occurrences
frequency                     2 occurrences
cooperating                   2 occurrences
seymour                       2 occurrences
diamond                       2 occurrences
disclosures                   2 occurrences
spewed                        2 occurrences
bro                           2 occurrences
risks                         2 occurrences
smug                          2 occurrences
properties                    2 occurrences
rocket                        2 occurrences
graduate                      2 occurrences
electric                      2 occurrences
militarily                    2 occurrences
claudia                       2 occurrences
angrier                       2 occurrences
thinkaccording                2 occurrences
hackingsenator                2 occurrences
overdue                       2 occurrences
cheap                         2 occurrences
proactive                     2 occurrences
gentlemen                     2 occurrences
salvadoran                    2 occurrences
collector                     2 occurrences
nosrati                       2 occurrences
cashthe                       2 occurrences
avoiding                      2 occurrences
mindset                       2 occurrences
employer                      2 occurrences
wilders                       2 occurrences
solomon                       2 occurrences
zone                          2 occurrences
twoyear                       2 occurrences
abdul                         2 occurrences
sethrich                      2 occurrences
simplification                2 occurrences
planted                       2 occurrences
refreshing                    2 occurrences
hassouna                      2 occurrences
blitzer                       2 occurrences
berkeley                      2 occurrences
airplane                      2 occurrences
misconduct                    2 occurrences
password                      2 occurrences
deidre                        2 occurrences
rotolo                        2 occurrences
homage                        2 occurrences
unsecured                     2 occurrences
installed                     2 occurrences
tweeting                      2 occurrences
knowin                        2 occurrences
warner                        2 occurrences
laura                         2 occurrences
blamed                        2 occurrences
battlefield                   2 occurrences
therethe                      2 occurrences
blames                        2 occurrences
expanding                     2 occurrences
combination                   2 occurrences
playground                    2 occurrences
gregg                         2 occurrences
treat                         2 occurrences
cat                           2 occurrences
pastime                       2 occurrences
sayet                         2 occurrences
rug                           2 occurrences
nbcpolitics                   2 occurrences
ridge                         2 occurrences
treehouse                     2 occurrences
cheng                         2 occurrences
saidfor                       2 occurrences
hancock                       2 occurrences
waged                         2 occurrences
againwe                       2 occurrences
gold                          2 occurrences
possibilities                 2 occurrences
dubowitz                      2 occurrences
trees                         2 occurrences
oneway                        2 occurrences
americathe                    2 occurrences
superiors                     2 occurrences
battered                      2 occurrences
mechanicals                   2 occurrences
familymore                    2 occurrences
turnout                       2 occurrences
randomly                      2 occurrences
buyers                        2 occurrences
detainees                     2 occurrences
retailers                     2 occurrences
partnerships                  2 occurrences
itthe                         2 occurrences
koskinen                      2 occurrences
commentary                    2 occurrences
daring                        2 occurrences
langley                       2 occurrences
terrified                     2 occurrences
rescinded                     2 occurrences
quota                         2 occurrences
motion                        2 occurrences
thisthe                       2 occurrences
intimidate                    2 occurrences
bitterness                    2 occurrences
chest                         2 occurrences
seriousness                   2 occurrences
romney                        2 occurrences
apprehended                   2 occurrences
reset                         2 occurrences
passing                       2 occurrences
passion                       2 occurrences
cummings                      2 occurrences
anderson                      2 occurrences
fraudthe                      2 occurrences
candid                        2 occurrences
museum                        2 occurrences
foreignfunded                 2 occurrences
corporal                      2 occurrences
clarification                 2 occurrences
reliable                      2 occurrences
ajit                          2 occurrences
reliably                      2 occurrences
bernal                        2 occurrences
doubles                       2 occurrences
onethird                      2 occurrences
vitriol                       2 occurrences
antigun                       2 occurrences
lessons                       2 occurrences
anchor                        2 occurrences
beijing                       2 occurrences
sam                           2 occurrences
silver                        2 occurrences
motive                        2 occurrences
recipient                     2 occurrences
debacle                       2 occurrences
classifying                   2 occurrences
framework                     2 occurrences
equipped                      2 occurrences
busted                        2 occurrences
discriminated                 2 occurrences
overview                      2 occurrences
irrelevant                    2 occurrences
responding                    2 occurrences
discriminates                 2 occurrences
unofficial                    2 occurrences
schultzrich                   2 occurrences
marginal                      2 occurrences
afrank                        2 occurrences
governance                    2 occurrences
intentional                   2 occurrences
arrive                        2 occurrences
reacting                      2 occurrences
bradd                         2 occurrences
chappaqua                     2 occurrences
sic                           2 occurrences
tijuana                       2 occurrences
dossierfusion                 2 occurrences
jerusalem                     2 occurrences
repeating                     2 occurrences
normally                      2 occurrences
counted                       2 occurrences
rtwhile                       2 occurrences
denver                        2 occurrences
rebuilding                    2 occurrences
glad                          2 occurrences
organic                       2 occurrences
thencandidate                 2 occurrences
slapped                       2 occurrences
centers                       2 occurrences
prevezon                      2 occurrences
nonprofits                    2 occurrences
duckworth                     2 occurrences
unsealed                      2 occurrences
megatons                      2 occurrences
purging                       2 occurrences
participated                  2 occurrences
estimate                      2 occurrences
spoken                        2 occurrences
academics                     2 occurrences
printouts                     2 occurrences
miano                         2 occurrences
similarly                     2 occurrences
publicthe                     2 occurrences
delaware                      2 occurrences
nothingburger                 2 occurrences
countless                     2 occurrences
brand                         2 occurrences
commanderinchief              2 occurrences
oriented                      2 occurrences
fingers                       2 occurrences
subjective                    2 occurrences
revenge                       2 occurrences
expression                    2 occurrences
originated                    2 occurrences
executed                      2 occurrences
lebanon                       2 occurrences
airbase                       2 occurrences
dulles                        2 occurrences
counselors                    2 occurrences
fatally                       2 occurrences
vengefulso                    2 occurrences
priceless                     2 occurrences
exploited                     2 occurrences
hostility                     2 occurrences
limbaugh                      2 occurrences
ssn                           2 occurrences
discounted                    2 occurrences
batkins                       2 occurrences
burton                        2 occurrences
togetherness                  2 occurrences
fled                          2 occurrences
standoff                      2 occurrences
verdicts                      2 occurrences
scamming                      2 occurrences
weakest                       2 occurrences
superpower                    2 occurrences
sue                           2 occurrences
disputes                      2 occurrences
del                           2 occurrences
molested                      2 occurrences
century                       2 occurrences
typical                       2 occurrences
jeanmarc                      2 occurrences
coincide                      2 occurrences
medicine                      2 occurrences
cohen                         2 occurrences
parliamentary                 2 occurrences
uneducated                    2 occurrences
maneuvers                     2 occurrences
jasoncalabretta               2 occurrences
bravo                         2 occurrences
riskswatch                    2 occurrences
reductions                    2 occurrences
branded                       2 occurrences
belowthe                      2 occurrences
outpost                       2 occurrences
statistics                    2 occurrences
tore                          2 occurrences
cluecongressman               2 occurrences
doorknobchaffetz              2 occurrences
vehemently                    2 occurrences
dia                           2 occurrences
toss                          2 occurrences
hobnobbing                    2 occurrences
nervous                       2 occurrences
procedural                    2 occurrences
exceed                        2 occurrences
julianassange                 2 occurrences
halftruths                    2 occurrences
interim                       2 occurrences
tag                           2 occurrences
betrayal                      2 occurrences
ruhle                         2 occurrences
lawabiding                    2 occurrences
observed                      2 occurrences
music                         2 occurrences
platform                      2 occurrences
amicus                        2 occurrences
dob                           2 occurrences
maximize                      2 occurrences
disposed                      2 occurrences
faker                         2 occurrences
cried                         2 occurrences
succeed                       2 occurrences
reassigned                    2 occurrences
documented                    2 occurrences
origin                        2 occurrences
insane                        2 occurrences
ted                           2 occurrences
scholar                       2 occurrences
tex                           2 occurrences
burke                         2 occurrences
alshayrat                     2 occurrences
apartment                     2 occurrences
alice                         2 occurrences
deadly                        2 occurrences
reportthe                     2 occurrences
roger                         2 occurrences
utilized                      2 occurrences
ostensibly                    2 occurrences
stone                         2 occurrences
retained                      2 occurrences
staffs                        2 occurrences
broadheads                    2 occurrences
savaged                       2 occurrences
jumps                         2 occurrences
unfortunate                   2 occurrences
contested                     2 occurrences
tapping                       2 occurrences
hearingsgreen                 2 occurrences
smallsized                    2 occurrences
focuses                       2 occurrences
likethe                       2 occurrences
conflicting                   2 occurrences
revolutionary                 2 occurrences
contentious                   2 occurrences
misspoke                      2 occurrences
agencyjudgenap                2 occurrences
relates                       2 occurrences
yearly                        2 occurrences
ridicule                      2 occurrences
carved                        2 occurrences
employers                     2 occurrences
introduce                     2 occurrences
brilliantly                   2 occurrences
mediterranean                 2 occurrences
ricans                        2 occurrences
quash                         2 occurrences
heaven                        2 occurrences
memory                        2 occurrences
processed                     2 occurrences
northrup                      2 occurrences
mediaite                      2 occurrences
subverting                    2 occurrences
stabbed                       2 occurrences
victories                     2 occurrences
tow                           2 occurrences
deduction                     2 occurrences
unfiltered                    2 occurrences
chicken                       2 occurrences
banana                        2 occurrences
bloated                       2 occurrences
clip                          2 occurrences
marcus                        2 occurrences
authored                      2 occurrences
draft                         2 occurrences
principled                    2 occurrences
televisions                   2 occurrences
faster                        2 occurrences
print                         2 occurrences
starvation                    2 occurrences
prompt                        2 occurrences
falsehoods                    2 occurrences
orbis                         2 occurrences
junejuly                      2 occurrences
excellent                     2 occurrences
evils                         2 occurrences
eav                           2 occurrences
beautifully                   2 occurrences
fulfilling                    2 occurrences
lawyersthe                    2 occurrences
sped                          2 occurrences
hills                         2 occurrences
recount                       2 occurrences
pool                          2 occurrences
counts                        2 occurrences
ineligible                    2 occurrences
phonewikileaks                2 occurrences
partnered                     2 occurrences
alan                          2 occurrences
commencement                  2 occurrences
somewhat                      2 occurrences
chavez                        2 occurrences
murkowski                     2 occurrences
requester                     2 occurrences
unhappy                       2 occurrences
expended                      2 occurrences
decent                        2 occurrences
unanswered                    2 occurrences
conversationjulian            2 occurrences
oneyear                       2 occurrences
willfully                     2 occurrences
awesomewe                     2 occurrences
gaffes                        2 occurrences
rates                         2 occurrences
blake                         2 occurrences
moderate                      2 occurrences
divisionread                  2 occurrences
alex                          2 occurrences
bothered                      2 occurrences
tomfitton                     2 occurrences
videotax                      2 occurrences
accounting                    2 occurrences
reacted                       2 occurrences
battalion                     2 occurrences
bubble                        2 occurrences
defeating                     2 occurrences
servant                       2 occurrences
defenders                     2 occurrences
blank                         2 occurrences
emissary                      2 occurrences
vouch                         2 occurrences
orrin                         2 occurrences
benghazirelated               2 occurrences
ironically                    2 occurrences
lombardo                      2 occurrences
mock                          2 occurrences
saidthat                      2 occurrences
technical                     2 occurrences
powerfrom                     2 occurrences
oregonstandoff                2 occurrences
maintaining                   2 occurrences
illegitimate                  2 occurrences
escape                        2 occurrences
unbecoming                    2 occurrences
intolerable                   2 occurrences
conveniently                  2 occurrences
slawson                       2 occurrences
spoon                         2 occurrences
billie                        2 occurrences
oscar                         2 occurrences
fairly                        2 occurrences
fraudsters                    2 occurrences
inappropriately               2 occurrences
blast                         2 occurrences
alerted                       2 occurrences
blocks                        2 occurrences
dubos                         2 occurrences
indirect                      2 occurrences
noon                          2 occurrences
shielded                      2 occurrences
hosting                       2 occurrences
commie                        2 occurrences
weekthe                       2 occurrences
fined                         2 occurrences
visible                       2 occurrences
etc                           2 occurrences
swath                         2 occurrences
lending                       2 occurrences
trumptrain                    2 occurrences
tasks                         2 occurrences
correcting                    2 occurrences
trajectory                    2 occurrences
bathroom                      2 occurrences
accordance                    2 occurrences
unforgettable                 2 occurrences
seizes                        2 occurrences
discourse                     2 occurrences
proliferation                 2 occurrences
recover                       2 occurrences
warfare                       2 occurrences
confidante                    2 occurrences
yearsthe                      2 occurrences
statutory                     2 occurrences
nevertrump                    2 occurrences
mood                          2 occurrences
teamed                        2 occurrences
wayne                         2 occurrences
consumers                     2 occurrences
purely                        2 occurrences
recidivism                    2 occurrences
villareal                     2 occurrences
judged                        2 occurrences
consultation                  2 occurrences
electricity                   2 occurrences
busts                         2 occurrences
soccer                        2 occurrences
receipts                      2 occurrences
farright                      2 occurrences
detectedsecret                2 occurrences
refer                         2 occurrences
governing                     2 occurrences
jurisdictions                 2 occurrences
salt                          2 occurrences
surprises                     2 occurrences
exclusive                     2 occurrences
eternal                       2 occurrences
colleague                     2 occurrences
saidharris                    2 occurrences
rage                          2 occurrences
cancelled                     2 occurrences
factories                     2 occurrences
oped                          2 occurrences
defensive                     2 occurrences
addressed                     2 occurrences
tunnels                       2 occurrences
maximum                       2 occurrences
addresses                     2 occurrences
brewers                       2 occurrences
antiintellectual              2 occurrences
architect                     2 occurrences
fitness                       2 occurrences
intrusionone                  2 occurrences
highlevel                     2 occurrences
defender                      2 occurrences
aging                         2 occurrences
jocc                          2 occurrences
containing                    2 occurrences
lori                          2 occurrences
lights                        2 occurrences
hailed                        2 occurrences
russert                       2 occurrences
taxpayerfunded                2 occurrences
upholding                     2 occurrences
shoving                       2 occurrences
departed                      2 occurrences
aleksej                       2 occurrences
disadvantaged                 2 occurrences
buddy                         2 occurrences
journey                       2 occurrences
lots                          2 occurrences
gaggle                        2 occurrences
midnight                      2 occurrences
rang                          2 occurrences
saul                          2 occurrences
kremlinlinked                 2 occurrences
rant                          2 occurrences
conspire                      2 occurrences
contrast                      2 occurrences
skyrocketed                   2 occurrences
dugouts                       2 occurrences
lackadaisical                 2 occurrences
atmosphere                    2 occurrences
amen                          2 occurrences
eightyear                     2 occurrences
herrera                       2 occurrences
apology                       2 occurrences
enhanced                      2 occurrences
liked                         2 occurrences
likes                         2 occurrences
fascinating                   2 occurrences
gabriel                       2 occurrences
farfetched                    2 occurrences
corroded                      2 occurrences
officethe                     2 occurrences
weissmann                     2 occurrences
burger                        2 occurrences
furthermore                   2 occurrences
frame                         2 occurrences
geert                         2 occurrences
survive                       2 occurrences
convince                      2 occurrences
chanted                       2 occurrences
yearold                       2 occurrences
electronics                   2 occurrences
restoration                   2 occurrences
convenient                    2 occurrences
mcfadden                      2 occurrences
cagey                         2 occurrences
circle                        2 occurrences
celebration                   2 occurrences
maintenance                   2 occurrences
spakovsky                     2 occurrences
combing                       2 occurrences
weaponsgrade                  2 occurrences
volumes                       2 occurrences
missions                      2 occurrences
heatstreetgo                  2 occurrences
emotion                       2 occurrences
stays                         2 occurrences
evaluate                      2 occurrences
pain                          2 occurrences
pair                          2 occurrences
lingered                      2 occurrences
sleeping                      2 occurrences
observe                       2 occurrences
heavily                       2 occurrences
vet                           2 occurrences
recess                        2 occurrences
invited                       2 occurrences
retire                        2 occurrences
scarborough                   2 occurrences
campaignthe                   2 occurrences
malheur                       2 occurrences
animal                        2 occurrences
raza                          2 occurrences
antigovernment                2 occurrences
kentucky                      2 occurrences
survivors                     2 occurrences
wenstrup                      2 occurrences
xenophobia                    2 occurrences
mccullough                    2 occurrences
hussein                       2 occurrences
xenophobic                    2 occurrences
pillersdorf                   2 occurrences
teamnbc                       2 occurrences
jones                         2 occurrences
guise                         2 occurrences
sends                         2 occurrences
purchases                     2 occurrences
hijacked                      2 occurrences
breakthroughs                 2 occurrences
determines                    2 occurrences
influenced                    2 occurrences
format                        2 occurrences
content                       2 occurrences
braddjaffy                    2 occurrences
spade                         2 occurrences
corporation                   2 occurrences
circus                        2 occurrences
headache                      2 occurrences
overreact                     2 occurrences
scandals                      2 occurrences
cosponsors                    2 occurrences
municipalities                2 occurrences
selfproclaimed                2 occurrences
detectors                     2 occurrences
istanbul                      2 occurrences
brandyburg                    2 occurrences
tree                          2 occurrences
reception                     2 occurrences
royal                         2 occurrences
contradict                    2 occurrences
von                           2 occurrences
patdowns                      2 occurrences
suppression                   2 occurrences
holy                          2 occurrences
instant                       2 occurrences
primaries                     2 occurrences
danley                        2 occurrences
iotw                          2 occurrences
enrique                       2 occurrences
outdoor                       2 occurrences
pillow                        2 occurrences
torrential                    2 occurrences
inventory                     2 occurrences
staggering                    2 occurrences
interpol                      2 occurrences
attendees                     2 occurrences
exploits                      2 occurrences
understatement                2 occurrences
contradictory                 2 occurrences
adoption                      2 occurrences
developments                  2 occurrences
impartial                     2 occurrences
bible                         2 occurrences
beans                         2 occurrences
statementread                 2 occurrences
guessed                       2 occurrences
deputies                      2 occurrences
greece                        2 occurrences
outta                         2 occurrences
useless                       2 occurrences
pays                          2 occurrences
puzzled                       2 occurrences
assumed                       2 occurrences
shoes                         2 occurrences
trick                         2 occurrences
chill                         2 occurrences
membership                    2 occurrences
primarily                     2 occurrences
officialsin                   2 occurrences
outlandish                    2 occurrences
jihadi                        2 occurrences
bears                         2 occurrences
entirety                      2 occurrences
tries                         2 occurrences
urgency                       2 occurrences
chips                         2 occurrences
seattle                       2 occurrences
paxton                        2 occurrences
onefifth                      2 occurrences
militants                     2 occurrences
takeover                      2 occurrences
ipad                          2 occurrences
nara                          2 occurrences
parses                        2 occurrences
struggled                     2 occurrences
expletives                    2 occurrences
upstate                       2 occurrences
skewed                        2 occurrences
discredited                   2 occurrences
koreans                       2 occurrences
approaching                   2 occurrences
preferred                     2 occurrences
overt                         2 occurrences
abstaining                    2 occurrences
intermediaries                2 occurrences
damning                       2 occurrences
convened                      2 occurrences
calendar                      2 occurrences
advisers                      2 occurrences
regards                       2 occurrences
fencejumping                  2 occurrences
snake                         2 occurrences
rebelheld                     2 occurrences
secondly                      2 occurrences
departmentthe                 2 occurrences
finalized                     2 occurrences
procurement                   2 occurrences
intermediary                  2 occurrences
graphic                       2 occurrences
marc                          2 occurrences
dock                          2 occurrences
uptick                        2 occurrences
commerceread                  2 occurrences
louise                        2 occurrences
conquer                       2 occurrences
fort                          2 occurrences
insinuation                   2 occurrences
kicking                       2 occurrences
programmed                    2 occurrences
scan                          2 occurrences
leaker                        2 occurrences
manual                        2 occurrences
caribou                       2 occurrences
foul                          2 occurrences
canceled                      2 occurrences
dogs                          2 occurrences
nails                         2 occurrences
frightening                   2 occurrences
kahl                          2 occurrences
lapd                          2 occurrences
supervision                   2 occurrences
breed                         2 occurrences
proofdirect                   2 occurrences
alleges                       2 occurrences
subvert                       2 occurrences
ignore                        2 occurrences
dismiss                       2 occurrences
assert                        2 occurrences
hallway                       2 occurrences
reconsider                    2 occurrences
philanthropy                  2 occurrences
hoover                        2 occurrences
workrelated                   2 occurrences
blasted                       2 occurrences
responseand                   2 occurrences
smugglers                     2 occurrences
connect                       2 occurrences
dole                          2 occurrences
significance                  2 occurrences
gym                           2 occurrences
wnd                           2 occurrences
correctness                   2 occurrences
uncanny                       2 occurrences
accommodations                2 occurrences
iceberg                       2 occurrences
slander                       2 occurrences
renewal                       2 occurrences
doom                          2 occurrences
terrorizing                   2 occurrences
monitor                       2 occurrences
convention                    2 occurrences
encourages                    2 occurrences
incidents                     2 occurrences
barely                        2 occurrences
scaled                        2 occurrences
rayburn                       2 occurrences
hospitallawmakers             2 occurrences
freaking                      2 occurrences
lays                          2 occurrences
multilateral                  2 occurrences
leakerhis                     2 occurrences
cleared                       2 occurrences
gunned                        2 occurrences
hat                           2 occurrences
nonmuslims                    2 occurrences
francesa                      2 occurrences
discovery                     2 occurrences
prod                          2 occurrences
richmond                      2 occurrences
swearingin                    2 occurrences
cook                          2 occurrences
wwe                           2 occurrences
flaws                         2 occurrences
kawa                          2 occurrences
depleted                      2 occurrences
patton                        2 occurrences
echoed                        2 occurrences
courtthe                      2 occurrences
urgent                        2 occurrences
reciprocal                    2 occurrences
locking                       2 occurrences
farragut                      2 occurrences
warmest                       2 occurrences
defied                        2 occurrences
addedthe                      2 occurrences
pocketed                      2 occurrences
mouth                         2 occurrences
equity                        2 occurrences
trumpwhen                     2 occurrences
winds                         2 occurrences
externally                    2 occurrences
antiintellectuals             2 occurrences
perpetrator                   2 occurrences
bold                          2 occurrences
culturally                    2 occurrences
confiscated                   2 occurrences
capita                        2 occurrences
older                         2 occurrences
hid                           2 occurrences
gavel                         2 occurrences
realism                       2 occurrences
preference                    2 occurrences
hip                           2 occurrences
wicker                        2 occurrences
translates                    2 occurrences
walks                         2 occurrences
spoiled                       2 occurrences
infantry                      2 occurrences
wings                         2 occurrences
africanamericans              2 occurrences
treasured                     2 occurrences
upsetting                     2 occurrences
tackled                       2 occurrences
pushes                        2 occurrences
boom                          2 occurrences
infiltrate                    2 occurrences
dismissals                    2 occurrences
poles                         2 occurrences
complexsome                   2 occurrences
melbourne                     2 occurrences
gavin                         2 occurrences
visiting                      2 occurrences
kathryn                       2 occurrences
separation                    2 occurrences
reflects                      2 occurrences
ginsburg                      2 occurrences
informal                      2 occurrences
interfere                     2 occurrences
thieves                       2 occurrences
stunts                        2 occurrences
bothers                       2 occurrences
conscience                    2 occurrences
pathetic                      2 occurrences
significantly                 2 occurrences
jeffrey                       2 occurrences
utah                          2 occurrences
suggestion                    2 occurrences
tyler                         2 occurrences
backfire                      2 occurrences
insulting                     2 occurrences
inception                     2 occurrences
progrowth                     2 occurrences
swinging                      2 occurrences
signature                     2 occurrences
devoting                      2 occurrences
hrc                           2 occurrences
vanished                      2 occurrences
polls                         2 occurrences
stopped                       2 occurrences
pollution                     2 occurrences
gerritson                     2 occurrences
meantime                      2 occurrences
absentee                      2 occurrences
opens                         2 occurrences
irish                         2 occurrences
translator                    2 occurrences
electionread                  2 occurrences
wear                          2 occurrences
politicizing                  2 occurrences
hub                           2 occurrences
fade                          2 occurrences
boys                          2 occurrences
hemmer                        2 occurrences
dugout                        2 occurrences
shakedown                     2 occurrences
interestingthe                2 occurrences
timetables                    2 occurrences
elderly                       2 occurrences
calabretta                    2 occurrences
proceeded                     2 occurrences
financier                     2 occurrences
worldwe                       2 occurrences
clarity                       2 occurrences
offrep                        2 occurrences
jiggled                       2 occurrences
democratically                2 occurrences
weed                          2 occurrences
latinos                       2 occurrences
democraticparty               2 occurrences
babin                         2 occurrences
evacuate                      2 occurrences
crushed                       2 occurrences
adjust                        2 occurrences
storage                       2 occurrences
rooted                        2 occurrences
sniping                       2 occurrences
penalties                     2 occurrences
midtolong                     2 occurrences
quest                         2 occurrences
denuclearization              2 occurrences
coercion                      2 occurrences
publicist                     2 occurrences
nazis                         2 occurrences
clintonemail                  2 occurrences
tuning                        2 occurrences
gary                          2 occurrences
bounce                        2 occurrences
remembering                   2 occurrences
wheelchairs                   2 occurrences
selfdefence                   2 occurrences
accompany                     2 occurrences
trojans                       2 occurrences
alcohol                       2 occurrences
irobot                        2 occurrences
departures                    2 occurrences
responds                      2 occurrences
investigationi                2 occurrences
financing                     2 occurrences
sobering                      2 occurrences
crackers                      2 occurrences
ceremonies                    2 occurrences
manipulating                  2 occurrences
sharp                         2 occurrences
corbin                        2 occurrences
campaignread                  2 occurrences
intercept                     2 occurrences
uncontrolled                  2 occurrences
vicious                       2 occurrences
wraps                         2 occurrences
forcibly                      2 occurrences
performances                  2 occurrences
harass                        2 occurrences
billionthe                    2 occurrences
printing                      2 occurrences
auntie                        2 occurrences
evening                       2 occurrences
overwhelming                  2 occurrences
fate                          2 occurrences
helicopter                    2 occurrences
undignified                   2 occurrences
basedmonitored                2 occurrences
informs                       2 occurrences
doubtful                      2 occurrences
obamasusan                    2 occurrences
deportation                   2 occurrences
faux                          2 occurrences
excelsior                     2 occurrences
karl                          2 occurrences
marxb                         2 occurrences
wwd                           2 occurrences
ought                         2 occurrences
dickerson                     2 occurrences
stateshillary                 2 occurrences
persists                      2 occurrences
encouraging                   2 occurrences
nationality                   2 occurrences
soninlaw                      2 occurrences
nominate                      2 occurrences
repatriate                    2 occurrences
conservativeswell             2 occurrences
dress                         2 occurrences
phrases                       2 occurrences
situations                    2 occurrences
reduced                       2 occurrences
screamed                      2 occurrences
texan                         2 occurrences
comedians                     2 occurrences
yemen                         2 occurrences
electing                      2 occurrences
jihadist                      2 occurrences
shoesthe                      2 occurrences
referenced                    2 occurrences
scolded                       2 occurrences
survey                        2 occurrences
worlds                        2 occurrences
todaythe                      2 occurrences
economies                     2 occurrences
emphasizing                   2 occurrences
emerging                      2 occurrences
teen                          2 occurrences
ghastly                       2 occurrences
delighted                     2 occurrences
efficient                     2 occurrences
dodson                        2 occurrences
agencythe                     2 occurrences
mentor                        2 occurrences
govern                        2 occurrences
stayathome                    2 occurrences
breaks                        2 occurrences
lemon                         2 occurrences
baby                          2 occurrences
ire                           2 occurrences
brooksarizona                 2 occurrences
jihadists                     2 occurrences
unpredictable                 2 occurrences
breasts                       2 occurrences
disapproval                   2 occurrences
grumman                       2 occurrences
highway                       2 occurrences
messagesgiven                 2 occurrences
legitimately                  2 occurrences
lapses                        2 occurrences
paragraph                     2 occurrences
hunted                        2 occurrences
camp                          2 occurrences
arlington                     2 occurrences
turkey                        2 occurrences
arose                         2 occurrences
northwest                     2 occurrences
bags                          2 occurrences
lawyerrice                    2 occurrences
provoke                       2 occurrences
tend                          2 occurrences
renewing                      2 occurrences
demscamerota                  2 occurrences
acquire                       2 occurrences
tomorrow                      2 occurrences
impressively                  2 occurrences
withdrawing                   2 occurrences
perpetually                   2 occurrences
diversionary                  2 occurrences
congresscritters              2 occurrences
seats                         2 occurrences
suppress                      2 occurrences
whistleblowers                2 occurrences
seiu                          2 occurrences
northeastern                  2 occurrences
steel                         2 occurrences
greg                          2 occurrences
peacekeeping                  2 occurrences
eventual                      2 occurrences
firms                         2 occurrences
followers                     2 occurrences
band                          2 occurrences
multicultural                 2 occurrences
janet                         2 occurrences
kevin                         2 occurrences
icbm                          2 occurrences
stalind                       2 occurrences
manufactured                  2 occurrences
broadway                      2 occurrences
loeschner                     2 occurrences
duplicates                    2 occurrences
vowing                        2 occurrences
fanning                       2 occurrences
skilled                       2 occurrences
tactic                        2 occurrences
jab                           2 occurrences
nutritional                   2 occurrences
jar                           2 occurrences
voicemails                    2 occurrences
nigeria                       2 occurrences
reid                          2 occurrences
conan                         2 occurrences
tonights                      2 occurrences
religions                     2 occurrences
continuedallas                2 occurrences
bash                          2 occurrences
alerting                      1 occurrences
tocqueville                   1 occurrences
excluded                      1 occurrences
lambs                         1 occurrences
mcfeely                       1 occurrences
syndicate                     1 occurrences
newsbusters                   1 occurrences
reasoncom                     1 occurrences
electionthe                   1 occurrences
feculak                       1 occurrences
realities                     1 occurrences
stems                         1 occurrences
landbased                     1 occurrences
hardline                      1 occurrences
psychogrotesque               1 occurrences
processsupporters             1 occurrences
revenuedc                     1 occurrences
universal                     1 occurrences
dugas                         1 occurrences
wildersosf                    1 occurrences
ktspthe                       1 occurrences
segmentbig                    1 occurrences
jeb                           1 occurrences
timeframesalso                1 occurrences
jeh                           1 occurrences
freed                         1 occurrences
smackdown                     1 occurrences
ideological                   1 occurrences
condo                         1 occurrences
hutchison                     1 occurrences
khalidi                       1 occurrences
projected                     1 occurrences
tolerancenew                  1 occurrences
hispanicstexas                1 occurrences
fearwe                        1 occurrences
bethe                         1 occurrences
delegate                      1 occurrences
boricuas                      1 occurrences
eloquently                    1 occurrences
sread                         1 occurrences
sideshow                      1 occurrences
deceptively                   1 occurrences
hottest                       1 occurrences
encouragement                 1 occurrences
whitehousei                   1 occurrences
redistribution                1 occurrences
cripple                       1 occurrences
zoning                        1 occurrences
tune                          1 occurrences
webcams                       1 occurrences
traffickers                   1 occurrences
momenta                       1 occurrences
undercut                      1 occurrences
wyden                         1 occurrences
comrade                       1 occurrences
decisionmakers                1 occurrences
massacreamong                 1 occurrences
calculated                    1 occurrences
eggstravaganza                1 occurrences
fourpage                      1 occurrences
parttime                      1 occurrences
scars                         1 occurrences
gwinnett                      1 occurrences
ksnv                          1 occurrences
dared                         1 occurrences
reno                          1 occurrences
burkas                        1 occurrences
dares                         1 occurrences
legitimacy                    1 occurrences
deporting                     1 occurrences
malicious                     1 occurrences
odva                          1 occurrences
conceal                       1 occurrences
examining                     1 occurrences
citation                      1 occurrences
wipes                         1 occurrences
humility                      1 occurrences
turf                          1 occurrences
bare                          1 occurrences
nextread                      1 occurrences
polled                        1 occurrences
stampsthis                    1 occurrences
pamela                        1 occurrences
impromptu                     1 occurrences
chelsi                        1 occurrences
vancouverbased                1 occurrences
jsid                          1 occurrences
processfor                    1 occurrences
masonry                       1 occurrences
audacity                      1 occurrences
reps                          1 occurrences
phenomena                     1 occurrences
walter                        1 occurrences
stern                         1 occurrences
starker                       1 occurrences
breathe                       1 occurrences
laptopthe                     1 occurrences
repdevinnunes                 1 occurrences
tactical                      1 occurrences
notein                        1 occurrences
mismanagementthese            1 occurrences
didnt                         1 occurrences
moderator                     1 occurrences
eveylyn                       1 occurrences
normalized                    1 occurrences
dictators                     1 occurrences
detainedunited                1 occurrences
entitythe                     1 occurrences
didor                         1 occurrences
worldus                       1 occurrences
suedsince                     1 occurrences
runin                         1 occurrences
airporton                     1 occurrences
converting                    1 occurrences
earsplitting                  1 occurrences
romero                        1 occurrences
illustration                  1 occurrences
insurers                      1 occurrences
heada                         1 occurrences
proclamation                  1 occurrences
dealers                       1 occurrences
romania                       1 occurrences
icon                          1 occurrences
remarkable                    1 occurrences
adequately                    1 occurrences
enslaved                      1 occurrences
croatian                      1 occurrences
demagoguerythe                1 occurrences
misjudge                      1 occurrences
database                      1 occurrences
anywayis                      1 occurrences
facilityprotester             1 occurrences
sunk                          1 occurrences
hotbutton                     1 occurrences
pitched                       1 occurrences
lifewhat                      1 occurrences
razaso                        1 occurrences
wwwiii                        1 occurrences
marketplaces                  1 occurrences
obscure                       1 occurrences
component                     1 occurrences
niguel                        1 occurrences
emboldening                   1 occurrences
rugs                          1 occurrences
doctrine                      1 occurrences
livefire                      1 occurrences
classroom                     1 occurrences
embroiled                     1 occurrences
saudis                        1 occurrences
exemplifies                   1 occurrences
battlefields                  1 occurrences
ergo                          1 occurrences
demagogue                     1 occurrences
incessant                     1 occurrences
jam                           1 occurrences
vetoed                        1 occurrences
narrativeremember             1 occurrences
redistributive                1 occurrences
iser                          1 occurrences
condemn                       1 occurrences
phillipswhile                 1 occurrences
surplus                       1 occurrences
noone                         1 occurrences
miraculous                    1 occurrences
rtexas                        1 occurrences
congregations                 1 occurrences
worsened                      1 occurrences
trish                         1 occurrences
withdraw                      1 occurrences
executions                    1 occurrences
accumulate                    1 occurrences
threeandahalf                 1 occurrences
recipe                        1 occurrences
loose                         1 occurrences
herring                       1 occurrences
taxpayersthis                 1 occurrences
freddy                        1 occurrences
circumstancesoleg             1 occurrences
tracierosalyn                 1 occurrences
overhauledthe                 1 occurrences
affection                     1 occurrences
bashed                        1 occurrences
overseasour                   1 occurrences
ruiz                          1 occurrences
greatness                     1 occurrences
saidthings                    1 occurrences
bentel                        1 occurrences
erin                          1 occurrences
forensic                      1 occurrences
utter                         1 occurrences
awesomenational               1 occurrences
disappear                     1 occurrences
nationstate                   1 occurrences
mister                        1 occurrences
preach                        1 occurrences
citiesfive                    1 occurrences
intermixed                    1 occurrences
mobilize                      1 occurrences
idioticbreaking               1 occurrences
complicitywhite               1 occurrences
tournament                    1 occurrences
rezko                         1 occurrences
otto                          1 occurrences
flashpoint                    1 occurrences
reactions                     1 occurrences
endemic                       1 occurrences
matterearly                   1 occurrences
deriding                      1 occurrences
lifeless                      1 occurrences
lured                         1 occurrences
counting                      1 occurrences
campaignincluded              1 occurrences
canarsie                      1 occurrences
lastwe                        1 occurrences
welfaretowork                 1 occurrences
pretenses                     1 occurrences
preconceived                  1 occurrences
lamps                         1 occurrences
yeltsind                      1 occurrences
pakistanawan                  1 occurrences
collationsources              1 occurrences
spiritual                     1 occurrences
skagit                        1 occurrences
quoteunquote                  1 occurrences
riskpool                      1 occurrences
eviscerate                    1 occurrences
reportspresident              1 occurrences
indictmentthe                 1 occurrences
presidentone                  1 occurrences
jsonline                      1 occurrences
rampantthe                    1 occurrences
overthrowing                  1 occurrences
websitethe                    1 occurrences
farther                       1 occurrences
masseswaters                  1 occurrences
confirmedsessions             1 occurrences
activitieselectronic          1 occurrences
conclusivespecial             1 occurrences
lately                        1 occurrences
leaned                        1 occurrences
reeling                       1 occurrences
unaccountable                 1 occurrences
exploitation                  1 occurrences
totalitarianism               1 occurrences
gorsuchpresident              1 occurrences
medicaidnew                   1 occurrences
overriding                    1 occurrences
shipped                       1 occurrences
onesevery                     1 occurrences
cheeeese                      1 occurrences
watchtoday                    1 occurrences
realityhe                     1 occurrences
complicated                   1 occurrences
hatefulness                   1 occurrences
impassioned                   1 occurrences
timehillary                   1 occurrences
handover                      1 occurrences
intune                        1 occurrences
insulted                      1 occurrences
gall                          1 occurrences
aiding                        1 occurrences
flouted                       1 occurrences
romeo                         1 occurrences
hardscrabble                  1 occurrences
availablehhs                  1 occurrences
monetary                      1 occurrences
iranin                        1 occurrences
disrespects                   1 occurrences
nonlifethreatening            1 occurrences
conversion                    1 occurrences
electiontwo                   1 occurrences
organizationfears             1 occurrences
grounded                      1 occurrences
redefine                      1 occurrences
courtyard                     1 occurrences
commemorate                   1 occurrences
outlawed                      1 occurrences
belowwe                       1 occurrences
usurping                      1 occurrences
expansively                   1 occurrences
predators                     1 occurrences
serbs                         1 occurrences
sweeping                      1 occurrences
lurid                         1 occurrences
articlethe                    1 occurrences
carshare                      1 occurrences
beiser                        1 occurrences
systematic                    1 occurrences
snapped                       1 occurrences
disciplined                   1 occurrences
cherished                     1 occurrences
autopilot                     1 occurrences
statusthe                     1 occurrences
twomember                     1 occurrences
profitthe                     1 occurrences
glowing                       1 occurrences
crap                          1 occurrences
pena                          1 occurrences
unintelligible                1 occurrences
heavyweightsgov               1 occurrences
entityin                      1 occurrences
quip                          1 occurrences
badge                         1 occurrences
wetterthanusual               1 occurrences
ldpr                          1 occurrences
unfriendly                    1 occurrences
switch                        1 occurrences
itclearly                     1 occurrences
forefingerthe                 1 occurrences
instantly                     1 occurrences
officebelieve                 1 occurrences
nonendorsement                1 occurrences
allegationsgubarev            1 occurrences
punching                      1 occurrences
mnuchinisn                    1 occurrences
stalin                        1 occurrences
jihadis                       1 occurrences
thumbs                        1 occurrences
storyduring                   1 occurrences
saidgreat                     1 occurrences
landed                        1 occurrences
assemblies                    1 occurrences
davidgergen                   1 occurrences
garritsonthe                  1 occurrences
riskas                        1 occurrences
transborder                   1 occurrences
nightvia                      1 occurrences
substitute                    1 occurrences
uncle                         1 occurrences
weirdest                      1 occurrences
drip                          1 occurrences
governmentcontrolled          1 occurrences
countryread                   1 occurrences
inspiration                   1 occurrences
antihunting                   1 occurrences
entrygrandparents             1 occurrences
investigatorsa                1 occurrences
europesoros                   1 occurrences
israelduring                  1 occurrences
cells                         1 occurrences
harshly                       1 occurrences
shootout                      1 occurrences
investigationfraud            1 occurrences
makeshift                     1 occurrences
peopleplease                  1 occurrences
composed                      1 occurrences
racistread                    1 occurrences
percountry                    1 occurrences
freudianlater                 1 occurrences
wbayit                        1 occurrences
gauntlet                      1 occurrences
muslimson                     1 occurrences
uraniummining                 1 occurrences
accuser                       1 occurrences
suckswhy                      1 occurrences
exported                      1 occurrences
usthe                         1 occurrences
squad                         1 occurrences
scopesan                      1 occurrences
mrsascaramucci                1 occurrences
perpetrating                  1 occurrences
rebirth                       1 occurrences
huckabeesanders               1 occurrences
reportedafter                 1 occurrences
fraser                        1 occurrences
squating                      1 occurrences
pittsburghaugust              1 occurrences
stalls                        1 occurrences
emerson                       1 occurrences
dealfbi                       1 occurrences
foresees                      1 occurrences
almighty                      1 occurrences
failpeterson                  1 occurrences
hassan                        1 occurrences
thencampaign                  1 occurrences
issa                          1 occurrences
coupled                       1 occurrences
documentthe                   1 occurrences
graduatingi                   1 occurrences
setback                       1 occurrences
incidentthe                   1 occurrences
extort                        1 occurrences
zoo                           1 occurrences
concocted                     1 occurrences
evangelize                    1 occurrences
wireless                      1 occurrences
perdue                        1 occurrences
pete                          1 occurrences
revival                       1 occurrences
merger                        1 occurrences
tacticsa                      1 occurrences
mapping                       1 occurrences
adsfacebook                   1 occurrences
fuller                        1 occurrences
abet                          1 occurrences
explosions                    1 occurrences
pets                          1 occurrences
nonviolent                    1 occurrences
bowie                         1 occurrences
areacongressional             1 occurrences
airtracking                   1 occurrences
sheeple                       1 occurrences
inaccurate                    1 occurrences
abel                          1 occurrences
statetillerson                1 occurrences
drills                        1 occurrences
digits                        1 occurrences
affairsimran                  1 occurrences
prisonplanet                  1 occurrences
magnitude                     1 occurrences
vest                          1 occurrences
bray                          1 occurrences
tentative                     1 occurrences
empowering                    1 occurrences
northeast                     1 occurrences
detonate                      1 occurrences
chastised                     1 occurrences
antiblack                     1 occurrences
councillor                    1 occurrences
gettoughonillegalimmigration  1 occurrences
trumpentire                   1 occurrences
pronouncement                 1 occurrences
compelled                     1 occurrences
listing                       1 occurrences
fittonfbi                     1 occurrences
mussolinic                    1 occurrences
indication                    1 occurrences
accident                      1 occurrences
harshthe                      1 occurrences
hesitate                      1 occurrences
wayyates                      1 occurrences
repairing                     1 occurrences
dacha                         1 occurrences
thisfunding                   1 occurrences
realjack                      1 occurrences
prone                         1 occurrences
mysterious                    1 occurrences
concertgoers                  1 occurrences
yougod                        1 occurrences
repeatedlytheir               1 occurrences
tvif                          1 occurrences
twistedfrom                   1 occurrences
depression                    1 occurrences
parallel                      1 occurrences
issuesin                      1 occurrences
solvebut                      1 occurrences
blended                       1 occurrences
weekboth                      1 occurrences
upscale                       1 occurrences
detectedtsa                   1 occurrences
grifter                       1 occurrences
pull                          1 occurrences
vendors                       1 occurrences
onecount                      1 occurrences
spell                         1 occurrences
wrongpaul                     1 occurrences
clintonsen                    1 occurrences
exacerbate                    1 occurrences
obamayou                      1 occurrences
cholesterolgovernment         1 occurrences
middleburg                    1 occurrences
ferry                         1 occurrences
electionstudents              1 occurrences
ninth                         1 occurrences
serbia                        1 occurrences
centearlier                   1 occurrences
staterun                      1 occurrences
positionattorney              1 occurrences
integral                      1 occurrences
worka                         1 occurrences
browderadding                 1 occurrences
middlebury                    1 occurrences
echo                          1 occurrences
backtracked                   1 occurrences
powerhaving                   1 occurrences
auditing                      1 occurrences
calexit                       1 occurrences
fierce                        1 occurrences
divisionpresident             1 occurrences
removedhe                     1 occurrences
handgun                       1 occurrences
dayslong                      1 occurrences
crabtree                      1 occurrences
lance                         1 occurrences
unstable                      1 occurrences
interrupts                    1 occurrences
audition                      1 occurrences
righta                        1 occurrences
kcs                           1 occurrences
kyoahn                        1 occurrences
telephone                     1 occurrences
injurious                     1 occurrences
rancher                       1 occurrences
escalate                      1 occurrences
mandalay                      1 occurrences
originating                   1 occurrences
reigniting                    1 occurrences
jurors                        1 occurrences
saidclinton                   1 occurrences
nailed                        1 occurrences
federalistbrilliant           1 occurrences
businessbend                  1 occurrences
browbeating                   1 occurrences
dearborn                      1 occurrences
translate                     1 occurrences
compare                       1 occurrences
consist                       1 occurrences
matthew                       1 occurrences
violationsclinton             1 occurrences
soulso                        1 occurrences
symbolismread                 1 occurrences
roaming                       1 occurrences
lawful                        1 occurrences
rfla                          1 occurrences
doneand                       1 occurrences
accords                       1 occurrences
seaside                       1 occurrences
implied                       1 occurrences
unintentional                 1 occurrences
ridiculeso                    1 occurrences
ken                           1 occurrences
whiteness                     1 occurrences
barbour                       1 occurrences
despised                      1 occurrences
editorial                     1 occurrences
jssrc                         1 occurrences
suggestedread                 1 occurrences
implementation                1 occurrences
economythose                  1 occurrences
themcurrent                   1 occurrences
partiality                    1 occurrences
despises                      1 occurrences
adviserread                   1 occurrences
martine                       1 occurrences
kff                           1 occurrences
narcacism                     1 occurrences
hos                           1 occurrences
tobacco                       1 occurrences
dojwhen                       1 occurrences
bnalabamathirteen             1 occurrences
plates                        1 occurrences
monthsthe                     1 occurrences
imaging                       1 occurrences
unattractive                  1 occurrences
listings                      1 occurrences
crowdvideo                    1 occurrences
labeling                      1 occurrences
beforebreaking                1 occurrences
kgb                           1 occurrences
tuesdaywhile                  1 occurrences
diligence                     1 occurrences
rosello                       1 occurrences
reportedthat                  1 occurrences
supportread                   1 occurrences
decimated                     1 occurrences
meit                          1 occurrences
morale                        1 occurrences
hallmark                      1 occurrences
signatories                   1 occurrences
againthe                      1 occurrences
racially                      1 occurrences
inflammatory                  1 occurrences
valuesthat                    1 occurrences
identifying                   1 occurrences
civics                        1 occurrences
famine                        1 occurrences
unreliable                    1 occurrences
localities                    1 occurrences
rivetingthe                   1 occurrences
cnnreed                       1 occurrences
pintsized                     1 occurrences
recordschutkan                1 occurrences
kia                           1 occurrences
ascend                        1 occurrences
journalconstitution           1 occurrences
individually                  1 occurrences
marinelli                     1 occurrences
mein                          1 occurrences
bargain                       1 occurrences
showon                        1 occurrences
thursdaylast                  1 occurrences
tizzy                         1 occurrences
fifthfloor                    1 occurrences
dossierthis                   1 occurrences
skybridge                     1 occurrences
katherine                     1 occurrences
trailer                       1 occurrences
failuresduring                1 occurrences
putinbut                      1 occurrences
milestone                     1 occurrences
skeletal                      1 occurrences
hudson                        1 occurrences
misdeeds                      1 occurrences
documentsabout                1 occurrences
migrantsif                    1 occurrences
peoplevan                     1 occurrences
biggestselling                1 occurrences
usrussia                      1 occurrences
repurposing                   1 occurrences
billsingle                    1 occurrences
prosperityin                  1 occurrences
funeral                       1 occurrences
prosperityit                  1 occurrences
cruz                          1 occurrences
newtgingrich                  1 occurrences
fightthree                    1 occurrences
intimate                      1 occurrences
ketzler                       1 occurrences
dominating                    1 occurrences
oversightthe                  1 occurrences
mixedrace                     1 occurrences
idol                          1 occurrences
venezuelabyotp                1 occurrences
megwatts                      1 occurrences
accidental                    1 occurrences
watchjudicial                 1 occurrences
behaviorwe                    1 occurrences
meddle                        1 occurrences
married                       1 occurrences
futureq                       1 occurrences
dossierthe                    1 occurrences
rfra                          1 occurrences
forfeit                       1 occurrences
crazier                       1 occurrences
nonhunting                    1 occurrences
domination                    1 occurrences
alternate                     1 occurrences
subtle                        1 occurrences
concur                        1 occurrences
matsuyama                     1 occurrences
cooke                         1 occurrences
freelance                     1 occurrences
snapto                        1 occurrences
mens                          1 occurrences
strain                        1 occurrences
abul                          1 occurrences
policygorsuch                 1 occurrences
congressin                    1 occurrences
billhemmers                   1 occurrences
lesser                        1 occurrences
performer                     1 occurrences
involves                      1 occurrences
authenticity                  1 occurrences
sided                         1 occurrences
asassination                  1 occurrences
congressit                    1 occurrences
reportingformer               1 occurrences
themawan                      1 occurrences
averages                      1 occurrences
catastrophically              1 occurrences
taunton                       1 occurrences
agreementthe                  1 occurrences
banners                       1 occurrences
ours                          1 occurrences
upraised                      1 occurrences
ariz                          1 occurrences
meon                          1 occurrences
electionthis                  1 occurrences
infowars                      1 occurrences
releaseit                     1 occurrences
borderas                      1 occurrences
newz                          1 occurrences
postread                      1 occurrences
swampland                     1 occurrences
obamacarehe                   1 occurrences
basics                        1 occurrences
elsadany                      1 occurrences
genders                       1 occurrences
sebelius                      1 occurrences
trumpprior                    1 occurrences
gasoline                      1 occurrences
mailers                       1 occurrences
releaseif                     1 occurrences
brushing                      1 occurrences
nowvirginia                   1 occurrences
numb                          1 occurrences
campaignyes                   1 occurrences
howled                        1 occurrences
loyalist                      1 occurrences
deparle                       1 occurrences
forgery                       1 occurrences
sltrb                         1 occurrences
sugar                         1 occurrences
spiraling                     1 occurrences
howley                        1 occurrences
nuke                          1 occurrences
mccainrariz                   1 occurrences
murderous                     1 occurrences
filter                        1 occurrences
publications                  1 occurrences
collapsed                     1 occurrences
analysts                      1 occurrences
syndrometwo                   1 occurrences
misery                        1 occurrences
mesa                          1 occurrences
bedikian                      1 occurrences
staffhere                     1 occurrences
reporterthe                   1 occurrences
collapses                     1 occurrences
flees                         1 occurrences
antitrumpprobernie            1 occurrences
againsharif                   1 occurrences
sickened                      1 occurrences
eurosceptic                   1 occurrences
wikileakstoday                1 occurrences
riches                        1 occurrences
reciprocalfor                 1 occurrences
hrycak                        1 occurrences
richer                        1 occurrences
clockiran                     1 occurrences
mathews                       1 occurrences
snuck                         1 occurrences
exwall                        1 occurrences
identical                     1 occurrences
protocol                      1 occurrences
mets                          1 occurrences
holdoversit                   1 occurrences
consultations                 1 occurrences
tagged                        1 occurrences
institutionread               1 occurrences
grueling                      1 occurrences
notions                       1 occurrences
youngster                     1 occurrences
weaselread                    1 occurrences
itvnews                       1 occurrences
endangered                    1 occurrences
lena                          1 occurrences
videothis                     1 occurrences
broadside                     1 occurrences
brice                         1 occurrences
muir                          1 occurrences
aubry                         1 occurrences
sensing                       1 occurrences
brick                         1 occurrences
bullyhe                       1 occurrences
buyin                         1 occurrences
deductions                    1 occurrences
learnedconfirmation           1 occurrences
yorkbased                     1 occurrences
responsein                    1 occurrences
restaurants                   1 occurrences
negligent                     1 occurrences
ryanjhaas                     1 occurrences
schindler                     1 occurrences
candidateby                   1 occurrences
sweetie                       1 occurrences
smuggling                     1 occurrences
souls                         1 occurrences
leone                         1 occurrences
wreath                        1 occurrences
ample                         1 occurrences
souring                       1 occurrences
exclude                       1 occurrences
polandmelania                 1 occurrences
sorossoros                    1 occurrences
marinesthe                    1 occurrences
wakeup                        1 occurrences
resultsthe                    1 occurrences
defeatedwe                    1 occurrences
mcintyre                      1 occurrences
lucy                          1 occurrences
steroids                      1 occurrences
changeorg                     1 occurrences
amply                         1 occurrences
expos                         1 occurrences
littered                      1 occurrences
rainvia                       1 occurrences
fidel                         1 occurrences
tracked                       1 occurrences
groupsthe                     1 occurrences
decadesold                    1 occurrences
barretthouse                  1 occurrences
itmy                          1 occurrences
tribute                       1 occurrences
syringe                       1 occurrences
domains                       1 occurrences
freakishly                    1 occurrences
pinch                         1 occurrences
speechespress                 1 occurrences
emailhuh                      1 occurrences
belowpresident                1 occurrences
mule                          1 occurrences
mafia                         1 occurrences
satellite                     1 occurrences
earful                        1 occurrences
campsde                       1 occurrences
thriving                      1 occurrences
twentyfour                    1 occurrences
borderin                      1 occurrences
brzezinski                    1 occurrences
districtsfinally              1 occurrences
construed                     1 occurrences
malibu                        1 occurrences
faking                        1 occurrences
lesson                        1 occurrences
uglier                        1 occurrences
scrub                         1 occurrences
certificates                  1 occurrences
saidstephen                   1 occurrences
rogers                        1 occurrences
yearning                      1 occurrences
tantrum                       1 occurrences
statedeputy                   1 occurrences
malice                        1 occurrences
neverbeforeseen               1 occurrences
fitin                         1 occurrences
unacceptablepaul              1 occurrences
allotted                      1 occurrences
foodstamp                     1 occurrences
idiot                         1 occurrences
reexamine                     1 occurrences
publicized                    1 occurrences
cutunlike                     1 occurrences
crocker                       1 occurrences
citizensto                    1 occurrences
lugo                          1 occurrences
unavailable                   1 occurrences
energized                     1 occurrences
otherread                     1 occurrences
democratsthe                  1 occurrences
sinister                      1 occurrences
overtake                      1 occurrences
jeep                          1 occurrences
viralbansharia                1 occurrences
dismantled                    1 occurrences
truthobama                    1 occurrences
aheadremember                 1 occurrences
inkling                       1 occurrences
rebecca                       1 occurrences
originals                     1 occurrences
teases                        1 occurrences
suffrage                      1 occurrences
godsix                        1 occurrences
implants                      1 occurrences
kentuckybut                   1 occurrences
statenever                    1 occurrences
timehowever                   1 occurrences
globewe                       1 occurrences
competitor                    1 occurrences
consensusdriven               1 occurrences
dsan                          1 occurrences
dysfunction                   1 occurrences
hastes                        1 occurrences
convicts                      1 occurrences
converted                     1 occurrences
amthankfully                  1 occurrences
conferenceht                  1 occurrences
tugowar                       1 occurrences
africanamerican               1 occurrences
comparable                    1 occurrences
performanceslicensed          1 occurrences
cigars                        1 occurrences
callis                        1 occurrences
lawacting                     1 occurrences
convictions                   1 occurrences
infrastructurethankfully      1 occurrences
kent                          1 occurrences
governmentsat                 1 occurrences
undoing                       1 occurrences
firsttrump                    1 occurrences
terroristic                   1 occurrences
reportsclinton                1 occurrences
punitive                      1 occurrences
blessing                      1 occurrences
sureht                        1 occurrences
levi                          1 occurrences
hypocritical                  1 occurrences
cobalt                        1 occurrences
testobama                     1 occurrences
pointless                     1 occurrences
careerobama                   1 occurrences
properlyso                    1 occurrences
thistrump                     1 occurrences
viewit                        1 occurrences
rainstorm                     1 occurrences
differentthe                  1 occurrences
otherssoros                   1 occurrences
rowing                        1 occurrences
pointforeign                  1 occurrences
dialoguethe                   1 occurrences
levy                          1 occurrences
monaco                        1 occurrences
resonates                     1 occurrences
ugly                          1 occurrences
lauded                        1 occurrences
veyit                         1 occurrences
switches                      1 occurrences
wasteful                      1 occurrences
boosters                      1 occurrences
majoritya                     1 occurrences
technological                 1 occurrences
amusingthe                    1 occurrences
spun                          1 occurrences
abhorrent                     1 occurrences
stashing                      1 occurrences
labeled                       1 occurrences
issuethe                      1 occurrences
settling                      1 occurrences
clintonsht                    1 occurrences
pronoun                       1 occurrences
seriouslythat                 1 occurrences
lull                          1 occurrences
programmary                   1 occurrences
alissa                        1 occurrences
severely                      1 occurrences
vigue                         1 occurrences
guilford                      1 occurrences
impractical                   1 occurrences
icing                         1 occurrences
rulethe                       1 occurrences
leakmcmaster                  1 occurrences
bashing                       1 occurrences
eden                          1 occurrences
hhsas                         1 occurrences
inhibits                      1 occurrences
distracting                   1 occurrences
swindled                      1 occurrences
tourtwo                       1 occurrences
rhodes                        1 occurrences
sway                          1 occurrences
threefourths                  1 occurrences
saidexperts                   1 occurrences
commonly                      1 occurrences
swindles                      1 occurrences
warpyongyang                  1 occurrences
bedrock                       1 occurrences
accepts                       1 occurrences
korearead                     1 occurrences
fightstownhall                1 occurrences
constitutiongorsuch           1 occurrences
unionthe                      1 occurrences
frankenfarrell                1 occurrences
landlords                     1 occurrences
faruq                         1 occurrences
dossiergubarev                1 occurrences
governmenton                  1 occurrences
spiritin                      1 occurrences
guardianyesterday             1 occurrences
expiring                      1 occurrences
thereafter                    1 occurrences
speaka                        1 occurrences
lag                           1 occurrences
nearing                       1 occurrences
northbound                    1 occurrences
bigly                         1 occurrences
atrocities                    1 occurrences
itwe                          1 occurrences
organisation                  1 occurrences
panacheread                   1 occurrences
instantaneous                 1 occurrences
hugeit                        1 occurrences
locating                      1 occurrences
lay                           1 occurrences
pagewe                        1 occurrences
havens                        1 occurrences
employeesif                   1 occurrences
daycaresubsidized             1 occurrences
bubbling                      1 occurrences
millerharry                   1 occurrences
comeypeter                    1 occurrences
modernize                     1 occurrences
listened                      1 occurrences
reconfirm                     1 occurrences
powerbroker                   1 occurrences
discoveredgetting             1 occurrences
lbs                           1 occurrences
propagation                   1 occurrences
elevate                       1 occurrences
assures                       1 occurrences
orthodox                      1 occurrences
transforming                  1 occurrences
resorts                       1 occurrences
itdisgracejohn                1 occurrences
subpoenahe                    1 occurrences
edit                          1 occurrences
mexicothis                    1 occurrences
myles                         1 occurrences
dogged                        1 occurrences
chargedthe                    1 occurrences
originate                     1 occurrences
ownerthe                      1 occurrences
aclj                          1 occurrences
bigot                         1 occurrences
charlotteliberal              1 occurrences
stanley                       1 occurrences
businessesactually            1 occurrences
irreversibly                  1 occurrences
wfmy                          1 occurrences
urging                        1 occurrences
yearend                       1 occurrences
islandsthe                    1 occurrences
millionwaters                 1 occurrences
worktabloid                   1 occurrences
bystanders                    1 occurrences
heap                          1 occurrences
antidemocratic                1 occurrences
appeasing                     1 occurrences
weeksomeone                   1 occurrences
economists                    1 occurrences
abetting                      1 occurrences
electionvia                   1 occurrences
dwyer                         1 occurrences
sullivan                      1 occurrences
judy                          1 occurrences
alisyn                        1 occurrences
billionayear                  1 occurrences
taxation                      1 occurrences
stafferstrump                 1 occurrences
overlook                      1 occurrences
rightshouldn                  1 occurrences
sourcethis                    1 occurrences
shrimp                        1 occurrences
doghouse                      1 occurrences
modernization                 1 occurrences
addedthis                     1 occurrences
scandalincluded               1 occurrences
thenpolicy                    1 occurrences
droughts                      1 occurrences
brits                         1 occurrences
rotating                      1 occurrences
congregate                    1 occurrences
outright                      1 occurrences
introductory                  1 occurrences
matterjustice                 1 occurrences
backward                      1 occurrences
heck                          1 occurrences
percentfood                   1 occurrences
dealandrew                    1 occurrences
milesand                      1 occurrences
waiving                       1 occurrences
schoolsthis                   1 occurrences
depositions                   1 occurrences
allaround                     1 occurrences
behaviorthe                   1 occurrences
samethis                      1 occurrences
dgetelementbyidid             1 occurrences
offensesthis                  1 occurrences
jaysedavid                    1 occurrences
arbor                         1 occurrences
travails                      1 occurrences
noknock                       1 occurrences
saidosf                       1 occurrences
bottled                       1 occurrences
estimatea                     1 occurrences
saysmeanwhile                 1 occurrences
fraudmohammad                 1 occurrences
degrees                       1 occurrences
wears                         1 occurrences
starving                      1 occurrences
weary                         1 occurrences
edna                          1 occurrences
tattoos                       1 occurrences
summaryhere                   1 occurrences
coexist                       1 occurrences
coerce                        1 occurrences
foundfinancial                1 occurrences
polandthe                     1 occurrences
pathway                       1 occurrences
basiscapitol                  1 occurrences
kasumigaseki                  1 occurrences
sparkle                       1 occurrences
existthe                      1 occurrences
flustered                     1 occurrences
detailsduring                 1 occurrences
mediaand                      1 occurrences
kristof                       1 occurrences
cheatom                       1 occurrences
reportedformer                1 occurrences
scalianow                     1 occurrences
braces                        1 occurrences
acre                          1 occurrences
proajmera                     1 occurrences
yorks                         1 occurrences
remembers                     1 occurrences
statedin                      1 occurrences
liz                           1 occurrences
mcpike                        1 occurrences
discernible                   1 occurrences
wellrecognized                1 occurrences
forcethe                      1 occurrences
hissy                         1 occurrences
crowddiamond                  1 occurrences
depose                        1 occurrences
nance                         1 occurrences
mccabefbiclinton              1 occurrences
heighten                      1 occurrences
califthe                      1 occurrences
misconceptions                1 occurrences
nondefense                    1 occurrences
craig                         1 occurrences
formulate                     1 occurrences
resigning                     1 occurrences
dealas                        1 occurrences
aipac                         1 occurrences
tuesdaythe                    1 occurrences
newslisten                    1 occurrences
baltics                       1 occurrences
shortlist                     1 occurrences
safeguardsfcc                 1 occurrences
authoritiesfbi                1 occurrences
portends                      1 occurrences
spouses                       1 occurrences
moscowbased                   1 occurrences
puppets                       1 occurrences
intelligencesharing           1 occurrences
parking                       1 occurrences
deport                        1 occurrences
lefties                       1 occurrences
katrina                       1 occurrences
dossierextraordinary          1 occurrences
megyn                         1 occurrences
kurt                          1 occurrences
profession                    1 occurrences
comeymccabe                   1 occurrences
hellbent                      1 occurrences
jews                          1 occurrences
washed                        1 occurrences
smiled                        1 occurrences
flexibility                   1 occurrences
liabilities                   1 occurrences
exams                         1 occurrences
insurancebut                  1 occurrences
heir                          1 occurrences
agowe                         1 occurrences
pinochetb                     1 occurrences
guaranty                      1 occurrences
snagging                      1 occurrences
aspire                        1 occurrences
juli                          1 occurrences
straddle                      1 occurrences
bedded                        1 occurrences
gooddid                       1 occurrences
bearing                       1 occurrences
waveredread                   1 occurrences
contradicted                  1 occurrences
porous                        1 occurrences
spirit                        1 occurrences
deemed                        1 occurrences
rebuking                      1 occurrences
hugeread                      1 occurrences
secondclass                   1 occurrences
disagrees                     1 occurrences
interdict                     1 occurrences
jumu                          1 occurrences
regulationscould              1 occurrences
benefitting                   1 occurrences
duplicating                   1 occurrences
seasonal                      1 occurrences
golfer                        1 occurrences
fraudster                     1 occurrences
disruptionwow                 1 occurrences
reconvened                    1 occurrences
middleaged                    1 occurrences
wefrom                        1 occurrences
racesthe                      1 occurrences
intellectualism               1 occurrences
singing                       1 occurrences
crucible                      1 occurrences
hides                         1 occurrences
planimmediately               1 occurrences
lol                           1 occurrences
unthinkable                   1 occurrences
spiesif                       1 occurrences
writers                       1 occurrences
callerkallstrom               1 occurrences
ejected                       1 occurrences
dodging                       1 occurrences
rohrabacher                   1 occurrences
carrion                       1 occurrences
foodbetween                   1 occurrences
probation                     1 occurrences
doorman                       1 occurrences
smallscale                    1 occurrences
corporatists                  1 occurrences
athletes                      1 occurrences
courtgorsuch                  1 occurrences
fiend                         1 occurrences
initiate                      1 occurrences
writesthe                     1 occurrences
stereotyping                  1 occurrences
cnnblackmail                  1 occurrences
countermeasures               1 occurrences
treesaccording                1 occurrences
antiisrael                    1 occurrences
usbound                       1 occurrences
rcalif                        1 occurrences
filers                        1 occurrences
privacysalon                  1 occurrences
dnctheories                   1 occurrences
binder                        1 occurrences
stalled                       1 occurrences
sabotage                      1 occurrences
reconcile                     1 occurrences
rushing                       1 occurrences
heavyset                      1 occurrences
aliensryan                    1 occurrences
slush                         1 occurrences
macfayden                     1 occurrences
condense                      1 occurrences
deploying                     1 occurrences
complicitfarrell              1 occurrences
drowning                      1 occurrences
collusionceo                  1 occurrences
suburb                        1 occurrences
transaction                   1 occurrences
kumar                         1 occurrences
traded                        1 occurrences
balloons                      1 occurrences
computerseach                 1 occurrences
favorably                     1 occurrences
oneonone                      1 occurrences
trades                        1 occurrences
plusplus                      1 occurrences
refocus                       1 occurrences
thin                          1 occurrences
hitlerbeing                   1 occurrences
citizendonald                 1 occurrences
sweater                       1 occurrences
weighed                       1 occurrences
foundational                  1 occurrences
athletic                      1 occurrences
mccaberepublican              1 occurrences
planner                       1 occurrences
persecution                   1 occurrences
faulty                        1 occurrences
flashbackfriday               1 occurrences
clown                         1 occurrences
ltd                           1 occurrences
garrett                       1 occurrences
reportedohio                  1 occurrences
georgianstyle                 1 occurrences
reformsoros                   1 occurrences
ther                          1 occurrences
killings                      1 occurrences
roofs                         1 occurrences
anthemthe                     1 occurrences
gutted                        1 occurrences
widows                        1 occurrences
gameremember                  1 occurrences
dennardthe                    1 occurrences
cynthia                       1 occurrences
bomberthe                     1 occurrences
usfox                         1 occurrences
ingraham                      1 occurrences
stakeholders                  1 occurrences
rocking                       1 occurrences
unamerican                    1 occurrences
lawmaryland                   1 occurrences
legislatures                  1 occurrences
fiery                         1 occurrences
morethis                      1 occurrences
tireless                      1 occurrences
signedsen                     1 occurrences
patricia                      1 occurrences
ondemand                      1 occurrences
hers                          1 occurrences
yearpastor                    1 occurrences
anbar                         1 occurrences
clerked                       1 occurrences
disbelief                     1 occurrences
crawl                         1 occurrences
systemically                  1 occurrences
tilted                        1 occurrences
pepfar                        1 occurrences
turner                        1 occurrences
campaignmccabe                1 occurrences
napalitano                    1 occurrences
reynold                       1 occurrences
glasses                       1 occurrences
todaywow                      1 occurrences
siloviki                      1 occurrences
leadtainted                   1 occurrences
architecture                  1 occurrences
guarantee                     1 occurrences
screeningread                 1 occurrences
ultra                         1 occurrences
spotlightjohn                 1 occurrences
adolf                         1 occurrences
griffin                       1 occurrences
presidentthis                 1 occurrences
requiring                     1 occurrences
locks                         1 occurrences
watchseanhannity              1 occurrences
readler                       1 occurrences
rutherford                    1 occurrences
onesidedamidst                1 occurrences
parisdennard                  1 occurrences
riskthe                       1 occurrences
noncompliance                 1 occurrences
horriblea                     1 occurrences
agreedthe                     1 occurrences
pursued                       1 occurrences
profoundly                    1 occurrences
astonishingly                 1 occurrences
jihadistprone                 1 occurrences
weapona                       1 occurrences
decreased                     1 occurrences
opensome                      1 occurrences
panelist                      1 occurrences
elevated                      1 occurrences
kellogg                       1 occurrences
feeding                       1 occurrences
insist                        1 occurrences
displaced                     1 occurrences
crossroads                    1 occurrences
penalizes                     1 occurrences
handily                       1 occurrences
destinies                     1 occurrences
sprees                        1 occurrences
brotherhooddebbie             1 occurrences
nominates                     1 occurrences
operatethe                    1 occurrences
narrowly                      1 occurrences
wilber                        1 occurrences
bloodbath                     1 occurrences
ideologies                    1 occurrences
cosponsoring                  1 occurrences
objecting                     1 occurrences
worldsaudi                    1 occurrences
divides                       1 occurrences
childcarefree                 1 occurrences
incorporating                 1 occurrences
gopresident                   1 occurrences
forefingerwestby              1 occurrences
uncontrollably                1 occurrences
quietat                       1 occurrences
reinforced                    1 occurrences
beginflashback                1 occurrences
deirdre                       1 occurrences
rooms                         1 occurrences
carryon                       1 occurrences
shelf                         1 occurrences
shell                         1 occurrences
foundationin                  1 occurrences
adopt                         1 occurrences
faiththe                      1 occurrences
oklahomans                    1 occurrences
universityvalerie             1 occurrences
stateissued                   1 occurrences
reutersin                     1 occurrences
delaysread                    1 occurrences
saidscaramucci                1 occurrences
foodsocialism                 1 occurrences
jurisdictionsin               1 occurrences
unequivocal                   1 occurrences
enchassi                      1 occurrences
unmaskingalmost               1 occurrences
radiofrequency                1 occurrences
accountant                    1 occurrences
dossierafter                  1 occurrences
proceeds                      1 occurrences
libel                         1 occurrences
hezb                          1 occurrences
slogan                        1 occurrences
adore                         1 occurrences
dreamer                       1 occurrences
voicing                       1 occurrences
norway                        1 occurrences
warcooper                     1 occurrences
markup                        1 occurrences
cycles                        1 occurrences
aprilmaria                    1 occurrences
behest                        1 occurrences
myselfdonaldtrumpjrbowhuntingi1 occurrences
consignment                   1 occurrences
proess                        1 occurrences
rotated                       1 occurrences
sidney                        1 occurrences
explosionall                  1 occurrences
sieve                         1 occurrences
skynews                       1 occurrences
reputable                     1 occurrences
yesterdaya                    1 occurrences
antidiscrimination            1 occurrences
werfel                        1 occurrences
respondersmany                1 occurrences
applauding                    1 occurrences
leahy                         1 occurrences
thug                          1 occurrences
nurses                        1 occurrences
globalization                 1 occurrences
boyle                         1 occurrences
waiver                        1 occurrences
restraint                     1 occurrences
befriend                      1 occurrences
penny                         1 occurrences
clutching                     1 occurrences
nights                        1 occurrences
huffington                    1 occurrences
videotaped                    1 occurrences
scattering                    1 occurrences
biometric                     1 occurrences
empelosi                      1 occurrences
grasping                      1 occurrences
saidus                        1 occurrences
stateseveryday                1 occurrences
forestall                     1 occurrences
legality                      1 occurrences
mae                           1 occurrences
mai                           1 occurrences
coolant                       1 occurrences
gamehere                      1 occurrences
drift                         1 occurrences
cherish                       1 occurrences
map                           1 occurrences
compares                      1 occurrences
touchy                        1 occurrences
goingover                     1 occurrences
preview                       1 occurrences
ensures                       1 occurrences
asset                         1 occurrences
completing                    1 occurrences
disciplinary                  1 occurrences
compliant                     1 occurrences
saywasserman                  1 occurrences
positives                     1 occurrences
funnya                        1 occurrences
exceptions                    1 occurrences
shelter                       1 occurrences
skipped                       1 occurrences
divorced                      1 occurrences
alliesnorth                   1 occurrences
itnow                         1 occurrences
iphones                       1 occurrences
completion                    1 occurrences
groin                         1 occurrences
objective                     1 occurrences
specializing                  1 occurrences
heckled                       1 occurrences
democratcontrolled            1 occurrences
koreatrump                    1 occurrences
delivers                      1 occurrences
reinstituted                  1 occurrences
ariana                        1 occurrences
adjourned                     1 occurrences
againfox                      1 occurrences
sasse                         1 occurrences
expressions                   1 occurrences
announcements                 1 occurrences
garage                        1 occurrences
homedelivered                 1 occurrences
propertywhen                  1 occurrences
floridabreaking               1 occurrences
dean                          1 occurrences
onion                         1 occurrences
profiles                      1 occurrences
rosentstein                   1 occurrences
freddie                       1 occurrences
fifthlargest                  1 occurrences
luckily                       1 occurrences
corsica                       1 occurrences
compliment                    1 occurrences
combinedwe                    1 occurrences
deserves                      1 occurrences
originalist                   1 occurrences
neighborsi                    1 occurrences
lovedpatriotism               1 occurrences
meg                           1 occurrences
declining                     1 occurrences
spinning                      1 occurrences
facial                        1 occurrences
acorn                         1 occurrences
bummershe                     1 occurrences
lutheran                      1 occurrences
sustainable                   1 occurrences
carsharing                    1 occurrences
tucked                        1 occurrences
conditionbut                  1 occurrences
furlough                      1 occurrences
vacancy                       1 occurrences
prefers                       1 occurrences
subcommitteeraju              1 occurrences
ngos                          1 occurrences
regulating                    1 occurrences
mei                           1 occurrences
pictwittercommgryjdcdfi       1 occurrences
twoterabyte                   1 occurrences
cahoots                       1 occurrences
ashamed                       1 occurrences
improperly                    1 occurrences
grandjury                     1 occurrences
wisc                          1 occurrences
electionhe                    1 occurrences
reopened                      1 occurrences
girlan                        1 occurrences
wisn                          1 occurrences
scotus                        1 occurrences
sweetheart                    1 occurrences
treasure                      1 occurrences
demilitarizing                1 occurrences
lateral                       1 occurrences
pictwittercomybmthryudn       1 occurrences
populus                       1 occurrences
ambivalent                    1 occurrences
fumbled                       1 occurrences
memoranda                     1 occurrences
locked                        1 occurrences
defy                          1 occurrences
rationales                    1 occurrences
warddpatrick                  1 occurrences
medication                    1 occurrences
electionit                    1 occurrences
reportedgeorgia               1 occurrences
aidesschumer                  1 occurrences
unwashed                      1 occurrences
cyberweaponschina             1 occurrences
vastly                        1 occurrences
mic                           1 occurrences
somalis                       1 occurrences
decadelong                    1 occurrences
reimbursable                  1 occurrences
mil                           1 occurrences
obamafarewell                 1 occurrences
meansread                     1 occurrences
gimme                         1 occurrences
pistol                        1 occurrences
drastically                   1 occurrences
millermr                      1 occurrences
virtual                       1 occurrences
coats                         1 occurrences
mix                           1 occurrences
leary                         1 occurrences
evernow                       1 occurrences
nobid                         1 occurrences
occupiers                     1 occurrences
machinesa                     1 occurrences
adjustment                    1 occurrences
functionalityin               1 occurrences
disturbingly                  1 occurrences
reprinting                    1 occurrences
rationale                     1 occurrences
asst                          1 occurrences
pageofficials                 1 occurrences
seeds                         1 occurrences
involve                       1 occurrences
schisms                       1 occurrences
detailoriented                1 occurrences
frequented                    1 occurrences
intoxicated                   1 occurrences
doesthe                       1 occurrences
lucifertrump                  1 occurrences
investmentyeah                1 occurrences
authoritiesus                 1 occurrences
moonbattery                   1 occurrences
mcmasternew                   1 occurrences
fatah                         1 occurrences
curve                         1 occurrences
shafts                        1 occurrences
pretrial                      1 occurrences
videoseveral                  1 occurrences
verbally                      1 occurrences
popped                        1 occurrences
sessioncair                   1 occurrences
rinos                         1 occurrences
stored                        1 occurrences
pleasant                      1 occurrences
embodies                      1 occurrences
checkpoint                    1 occurrences
trustwhile                    1 occurrences
infrastructuredespite         1 occurrences
lindsay                       1 occurrences
eggrolling                    1 occurrences
merits                        1 occurrences
burned                        1 occurrences
newscurrent                   1 occurrences
cynthiamcfadden               1 occurrences
prokremlin                    1 occurrences
calculus                      1 occurrences
youyou                        1 occurrences
burner                        1 occurrences
pressa                        1 occurrences
applicant                     1 occurrences
drastic                       1 occurrences
electionmr                    1 occurrences
respecting                    1 occurrences
facetoface                    1 occurrences
actionpaul                    1 occurrences
huntflynn                     1 occurrences
nonrecords                    1 occurrences
tick                          1 occurrences
removeexperts                 1 occurrences
snapcis                       1 occurrences
benefitsnationwide            1 occurrences
trumpers                      1 occurrences
obligated                     1 occurrences
norms                         1 occurrences
gecker                        1 occurrences
audlt                         1 occurrences
aboveground                   1 occurrences
attorneygate                  1 occurrences
purse                         1 occurrences
necessarymichael              1 occurrences
immersed                      1 occurrences
pompeohere                    1 occurrences
dissatisfied                  1 occurrences
bridgeportwhat                1 occurrences
tide                          1 occurrences
holidays                      1 occurrences
bordermexico                  1 occurrences
trivia                        1 occurrences
nikita                        1 occurrences
khrushevb                     1 occurrences
mao                           1 occurrences
milosevicc                    1 occurrences
chanel                        1 occurrences
interestthe                   1 occurrences
interviewmeanwhile            1 occurrences
gpstanya                      1 occurrences
electionof                    1 occurrences
halted                        1 occurrences
publicnew                     1 occurrences
faraway                       1 occurrences
endorse                       1 occurrences
midday                        1 occurrences
redaction                     1 occurrences
arealice                      1 occurrences
pointy                        1 occurrences
realworld                     1 occurrences
demonstrations                1 occurrences
mos                           1 occurrences
mow                           1 occurrences
encountertogether             1 occurrences
jackpot                       1 occurrences
huffpo                        1 occurrences
grove                         1 occurrences
counseling                    1 occurrences
clearcut                      1 occurrences
unsuccessfully                1 occurrences
devastation                   1 occurrences
wisdom                        1 occurrences
lockstep                      1 occurrences
uswashington                  1 occurrences
afterthe                      1 occurrences
answerwe                      1 occurrences
familymedicaid                1 occurrences
russianmade                   1 occurrences
artists                       1 occurrences
unexpectedly                  1 occurrences
crowbar                       1 occurrences
mcclatchy                     1 occurrences
fury                          1 occurrences
alaska                        1 occurrences
augustnote                    1 occurrences
countrythis                   1 occurrences
reichtrump                    1 occurrences
grows                         1 occurrences
agentsthe                     1 occurrences
contenders                    1 occurrences
presents                      1 occurrences
conclusionthe                 1 occurrences
timetrump                     1 occurrences
systemsamerica                1 occurrences
urges                         1 occurrences
changing                      1 occurrences
longestablished               1 occurrences
preinauguration               1 occurrences
nonpolitical                  1 occurrences
judicious                     1 occurrences
sias                          1 occurrences
markpresident                 1 occurrences
europein                      1 occurrences
tenambetween                  1 occurrences
audra                         1 occurrences
fishes                        1 occurrences
usread                        1 occurrences
reneging                      1 occurrences
bigtime                       1 occurrences
bunnywhat                     1 occurrences
ropes                         1 occurrences
guyvia                        1 occurrences
mss                           1 occurrences
ordinanceson                  1 occurrences
writer                        1 occurrences
grabbing                      1 occurrences
magistrate                    1 occurrences
realomarnavarro               1 occurrences
adkinschuck                   1 occurrences
apostrophes                   1 occurrences
paranoid                      1 occurrences
respective                    1 occurrences
salute                        1 occurrences
againwhile                    1 occurrences
portland                      1 occurrences
empowered                     1 occurrences
rosswilbur                    1 occurrences
monroe                        1 occurrences
tiki                          1 occurrences
mud                           1 occurrences
vacant                        1 occurrences
slowly                        1 occurrences
motherclaims                  1 occurrences
beds                          1 occurrences
careening                     1 occurrences
informationour                1 occurrences
saidvenezuelan                1 occurrences
suitthat                      1 occurrences
ayers                         1 occurrences
advisorsthe                   1 occurrences
allencompassing               1 occurrences
trumpbreaking                 1 occurrences
trout                         1 occurrences
informationinvestigators      1 occurrences
till                          1 occurrences
cubathank                     1 occurrences
stimulate                     1 occurrences
devoted                       1 occurrences
provoking                     1 occurrences
leaksit                       1 occurrences
kahala                        1 occurrences
lapse                         1 occurrences
politicoearlier               1 occurrences
abortionrelated               1 occurrences
duck                          1 occurrences
cent                          1 occurrences
cemetery                      1 occurrences
preside                       1 occurrences
inquiry                       1 occurrences
discontinue                   1 occurrences
nowpolice                     1 occurrences
electionon                    1 occurrences
beaming                       1 occurrences
sleepy                        1 occurrences
fifty                         1 occurrences
hoursbars                     1 occurrences
updating                      1 occurrences
statetheft                    1 occurrences
campaigneven                  1 occurrences
britaintoday                  1 occurrences
panic                         1 occurrences
punctured                     1 occurrences
uninterested                  1 occurrences
allfor                        1 occurrences
reoffend                      1 occurrences
majoritarian                  1 occurrences
practically                   1 occurrences
recusals                      1 occurrences
decried                       1 occurrences
saidthere                     1 occurrences
appealing                     1 occurrences
rambo                         1 occurrences
filibusters                   1 occurrences
humbled                       1 occurrences
trampled                      1 occurrences
churchimagine                 1 occurrences
entrepreneurs                 1 occurrences
aspirationshot                1 occurrences
casualties                    1 occurrences
punggyeri                     1 occurrences
texasfarenthold               1 occurrences
thingthe                      1 occurrences
decreasing                    1 occurrences
album                         1 occurrences
suspectsinvestigators         1 occurrences
steelechutkan                 1 occurrences
precept                       1 occurrences
centreville                   1 occurrences
clinic                        1 occurrences
himandrew                     1 occurrences
stopthehate                   1 occurrences
holdings                      1 occurrences
mouths                        1 occurrences
felonious                     1 occurrences
memphis                       1 occurrences
dumb                          1 occurrences
robread                       1 occurrences
requestend                    1 occurrences
swingstate                    1 occurrences
farmer                        1 occurrences
chooses                       1 occurrences
inciting                      1 occurrences
levelsmany                    1 occurrences
arethis                       1 occurrences
richness                      1 occurrences
moneyon                       1 occurrences
hesitated                     1 occurrences
reportedsix                   1 occurrences
clintonfbi                    1 occurrences
doubling                      1 occurrences
deplorable                    1 occurrences
adolfo                        1 occurrences
handinhand                    1 occurrences
binding                       1 occurrences
vacate                        1 occurrences
agorep                        1 occurrences
cemented                      1 occurrences
discrediting                  1 occurrences
harrison                      1 occurrences
governmentvideo               1 occurrences
adventure                     1 occurrences
rica                          1 occurrences
elaborate                     1 occurrences
neighboring                   1 occurrences
confer                        1 occurrences
submits                       1 occurrences
reload                        1 occurrences
flamboyant                    1 occurrences
crimevia                      1 occurrences
lozada                        1 occurrences
gunfirefootage                1 occurrences
pastthe                       1 occurrences
briefingi                     1 occurrences
podestaemails                 1 occurrences
scarce                        1 occurrences
shopping                      1 occurrences
saddam                        1 occurrences
leakson                       1 occurrences
terrorismalso                 1 occurrences
massgovernment                1 occurrences
forming                       1 occurrences
incomplete                    1 occurrences
ride                          1 occurrences
hugged                        1 occurrences
marinucci                     1 occurrences
dispose                       1 occurrences
cornerstone                   1 occurrences
balancing                     1 occurrences
infantrymen                   1 occurrences
collusionsoooo                1 occurrences
unleashed                     1 occurrences
reportsthe                    1 occurrences
correlation                   1 occurrences
clara                         1 occurrences
recognition                   1 occurrences
sprightly                     1 occurrences
concernsto                    1 occurrences
clamping                      1 occurrences
signaling                     1 occurrences
locos                         1 occurrences
needthe                       1 occurrences
sill                          1 occurrences
renew                         1 occurrences
constructed                   1 occurrences
spearing                      1 occurrences
centerand                     1 occurrences
politicosaturday              1 occurrences
ryanyes                       1 occurrences
commodity                     1 occurrences
bent                          1 occurrences
maneuvering                   1 occurrences
clash                         1 occurrences
owes                          1 occurrences
thousandyear                  1 occurrences
dcreateelements               1 occurrences
participants                  1 occurrences
outsusan                      1 occurrences
outragewhere                  1 occurrences
deterioration                 1 occurrences
facilitating                  1 occurrences
pressbut                      1 occurrences
electionhow                   1 occurrences
aboutexcellent                1 occurrences
ricealong                     1 occurrences
clintonin                     1 occurrences
socially                      1 occurrences
consideration                 1 occurrences
consolidate                   1 occurrences
islamicfriendly               1 occurrences
behaviors                     1 occurrences
ruthlessly                    1 occurrences
deterrent                     1 occurrences
ambjohnbolton                 1 occurrences
sins                          1 occurrences
autry                         1 occurrences
lessmuch                      1 occurrences
thedemocrats                  1 occurrences
curses                        1 occurrences
firearmsjudge                 1 occurrences
clausefirst                   1 occurrences
lynching                      1 occurrences
wayborder                     1 occurrences
parachute                     1 occurrences
defrauding                    1 occurrences
preparation                   1 occurrences
nal                           1 occurrences
nat                           1 occurrences
chorus                        1 occurrences
commends                      1 occurrences
dissemination                 1 occurrences
weekslong                     1 occurrences
mounting                      1 occurrences
justifiedin                   1 occurrences
inspires                      1 occurrences
nba                           1 occurrences
fabius                        1 occurrences
criteriathe                   1 occurrences
expectingthe                  1 occurrences
breeze                        1 occurrences
steelethe                     1 occurrences
spectacular                   1 occurrences
traveler                      1 occurrences
dollarsbut                    1 occurrences
itwhen                        1 occurrences
disruptions                   1 occurrences
booksread                     1 occurrences
clinics                       1 occurrences
obamaboehner                  1 occurrences
rabidly                       1 occurrences
statefbi                      1 occurrences
kickin                        1 occurrences
reallythe                     1 occurrences
hammers                       1 occurrences
propertyprotestors            1 occurrences
saudibased                    1 occurrences
decisionmaking                1 occurrences
sooner                        1 occurrences
goose                         1 occurrences
investigatorsthe              1 occurrences
hungryread                    1 occurrences
gutting                       1 occurrences
ingeorgiamore                 1 occurrences
transcriptthe                 1 occurrences
tixs                          1 occurrences
mansions                      1 occurrences
saidfeldman                   1 occurrences
bugs                          1 occurrences
amelia                        1 occurrences
manifestations                1 occurrences
manufacturers                 1 occurrences
nastinessour                  1 occurrences
clarifying                    1 occurrences
lieutenant                    1 occurrences
capitalism                    1 occurrences
jwch                          1 occurrences
prohibition                   1 occurrences
nonmilitary                   1 occurrences
pentagona                     1 occurrences
clintonvia                    1 occurrences
anthemsenator                 1 occurrences
marshals                      1 occurrences
acquitting                    1 occurrences
lifethreatening               1 occurrences
biasjudicial                  1 occurrences
watchas                       1 occurrences
unlock                        1 occurrences
noses                         1 occurrences
ushaped                       1 occurrences
abolishmodern                 1 occurrences
bowder                        1 occurrences
disenfranchisement            1 occurrences
selfmade                      1 occurrences
extinction                    1 occurrences
liquidfueled                  1 occurrences
vaughanhere                   1 occurrences
mclaughlin                    1 occurrences
platt                         1 occurrences
nfc                           1 occurrences
teenager                      1 occurrences
assembled                     1 occurrences
millennials                   1 occurrences
crunch                        1 occurrences
japanus                       1 occurrences
corey                         1 occurrences
stint                         1 occurrences
affectedjake                  1 occurrences
brennananother                1 occurrences
gethere                       1 occurrences
reasserts                     1 occurrences
occupied                      1 occurrences
curb                          1 occurrences
ngo                           1 occurrences
baffling                      1 occurrences
bulls                         1 occurrences
secession                     1 occurrences
ceiling                       1 occurrences
notthere                      1 occurrences
trauma                        1 occurrences
counterprotesters             1 occurrences
celler                        1 occurrences
selective                     1 occurrences
laterrather                   1 occurrences
chatting                      1 occurrences
reportedalabama               1 occurrences
margins                       1 occurrences
notify                        1 occurrences
contingency                   1 occurrences
biasedthe                     1 occurrences
pictwittercomauenyoeiio       1 occurrences
convey                        1 occurrences
patriotismhistory             1 occurrences
herdid                        1 occurrences
mnuchinthree                  1 occurrences
costsmaking                   1 occurrences
historians                    1 occurrences
keenly                        1 occurrences
postlooks                     1 occurrences
medvedev                      1 occurrences
neighborhoods                 1 occurrences
amazingthe                    1 occurrences
bulgeharry                    1 occurrences
enslave                       1 occurrences
spelling                      1 occurrences
redundant                     1 occurrences
coconspirator                 1 occurrences
electionbarack                1 occurrences
thenpresident                 1 occurrences
nih                           1 occurrences
destructionjust               1 occurrences
practicea                     1 occurrences
enlighten                     1 occurrences
cairobased                    1 occurrences
enrich                        1 occurrences
incompetence                  1 occurrences
cute                          1 occurrences
nebraska                      1 occurrences
retention                     1 occurrences
vandals                       1 occurrences
lavish                        1 occurrences
clandestine                   1 occurrences
ineffective                   1 occurrences
implicit                      1 occurrences
poorest                       1 occurrences
methodseric                   1 occurrences
craziness                     1 occurrences
adolph                        1 occurrences
staunchest                    1 occurrences
federation                    1 occurrences
extravagant                   1 occurrences
marylandthe                   1 occurrences
schumerrubio                  1 occurrences
pictwittercomplovqsdfzf       1 occurrences
impeccable                    1 occurrences
witha                         1 occurrences
admires                       1 occurrences
retweeted                     1 occurrences
width                         1 occurrences
paranoiac                     1 occurrences
programming                   1 occurrences
disembark                     1 occurrences
cancellation                  1 occurrences
forceful                      1 occurrences
plaza                         1 occurrences
newsbreaking                  1 occurrences
fletchings                    1 occurrences
salvadorans                   1 occurrences
offendersa                    1 occurrences
uncertainread                 1 occurrences
separatevia                   1 occurrences
swimming                      1 occurrences
commentmikerin                1 occurrences
thereforebe                   1 occurrences
inspection                    1 occurrences
uproot                        1 occurrences
avert                         1 occurrences
villageresidents              1 occurrences
redeeming                     1 occurrences
streetvia                     1 occurrences
sixthe                        1 occurrences
crumbled                      1 occurrences
thwart                        1 occurrences
themai                        1 occurrences
entanglements                 1 occurrences
caseread                      1 occurrences
crediting                     1 occurrences
rite                          1 occurrences
fostering                     1 occurrences
safely                        1 occurrences
objector                      1 occurrences
ambassadorpelosi              1 occurrences
sidwell                       1 occurrences
watchread                     1 occurrences
crashedopposition             1 occurrences
compromisedin                 1 occurrences
retrieve                      1 occurrences
brazilian                     1 occurrences
militant                      1 occurrences
proposals                     1 occurrences
bombshellyesterday            1 occurrences
countrieschina                1 occurrences
educate                       1 occurrences
miniaturise                   1 occurrences
thwarts                       1 occurrences
peopleyet                     1 occurrences
lunchthe                      1 occurrences
nikkan                        1 occurrences
inquiring                     1 occurrences
eyewitness                    1 occurrences
chargethe                     1 occurrences
bosses                        1 occurrences
entrances                     1 occurrences
orlando                       1 occurrences
criticisms                    1 occurrences
criminally                    1 occurrences
insurersread                  1 occurrences
followsjuly                   1 occurrences
confused                      1 occurrences
lowndes                       1 occurrences
performancebased              1 occurrences
coglianese                    1 occurrences
riots                         1 occurrences
marketsource                  1 occurrences
departmentpeople              1 occurrences
shawna                        1 occurrences
agresti                       1 occurrences
economically                  1 occurrences
beaches                       1 occurrences
upwho                         1 occurrences
proportional                  1 occurrences
servicesin                    1 occurrences
steals                        1 occurrences
releasednow                   1 occurrences
unusually                     1 occurrences
amycutlernews                 1 occurrences
gunrunning                    1 occurrences
sight                         1 occurrences
npr                           1 occurrences
thisfrank                     1 occurrences
drill                         1 occurrences
tally                         1 occurrences
retaliatory                   1 occurrences
fend                          1 occurrences
thirddegree                   1 occurrences
newttrump                     1 occurrences
beatings                      1 occurrences
abiding                       1 occurrences
younger                       1 occurrences
crimepolice                   1 occurrences
vanessawbal                   1 occurrences
moneywcco                     1 occurrences
syrians                       1 occurrences
determinations                1 occurrences
slight                        1 occurrences
satan                         1 occurrences
daysguess                     1 occurrences
opponentsbut                  1 occurrences
unlawfully                    1 occurrences
workingclass                  1 occurrences
variation                     1 occurrences
hopkins                       1 occurrences
riowa                         1 occurrences
prosecutions                  1 occurrences
hannitytucker                 1 occurrences
portraying                    1 occurrences
reemergence                   1 occurrences
admittedly                    1 occurrences
brooksread                    1 occurrences
bizarrehttpswwwyoutubecomwatchvulqiljvmsoour1 occurrences
vitals                        1 occurrences
acala                         1 occurrences
trample                       1 occurrences
nro                           1 occurrences
celebrations                  1 occurrences
tuesdayelham                  1 occurrences
agriculturethe                1 occurrences
wideranging                   1 occurrences
watchif                       1 occurrences
commenced                     1 occurrences
measuredly                    1 occurrences
bell                          1 occurrences
forcause                      1 occurrences
discarded                     1 occurrences
emptied                       1 occurrences
alcom                         1 occurrences
beaconnew                     1 occurrences
persona                       1 occurrences
floridalive                   1 occurrences
wired                         1 occurrences
objected                      1 occurrences
overruled                     1 occurrences
campbellcongressional         1 occurrences
employmenttopopulation        1 occurrences
injurieswitness               1 occurrences
weeksshouldn                  1 occurrences
obamaphone                    1 occurrences
crowdspeople                  1 occurrences
itfinally                     1 occurrences
homestate                     1 occurrences
republicanvictims             1 occurrences
pierre                        1 occurrences
banker                        1 occurrences
trumpaccording                1 occurrences
supportivein                  1 occurrences
progressed                    1 occurrences
skirting                      1 occurrences
ryol                          1 occurrences
corporationsome               1 occurrences
thinkinga                     1 occurrences
protocols                     1 occurrences
baltimorearea                 1 occurrences
wisest                        1 occurrences
enhance                       1 occurrences
leitch                        1 occurrences
dateany                       1 occurrences
plainclothes                  1 occurrences
gloom                         1 occurrences
viewthis                      1 occurrences
programthe                    1 occurrences
narcissist                    1 occurrences
datewe                        1 occurrences
trace                         1 occurrences
discreetly                    1 occurrences
nut                           1 occurrences
artery                        1 occurrences
ratchet                       1 occurrences
redeemrecords                 1 occurrences
pink                          1 occurrences
shultz                        1 occurrences
unresponsive                  1 occurrences
veslnitskaya                  1 occurrences
questionswe                   1 occurrences
theattorney                   1 occurrences
judgeandrew                   1 occurrences
grain                         1 occurrences
secretarystate                1 occurrences
disabled                      1 occurrences
eulogized                     1 occurrences
hijacking                     1 occurrences
disclaimer                    1 occurrences
slawsonin                     1 occurrences
focussing                     1 occurrences
commonplace                   1 occurrences
confronts                     1 occurrences
chang                         1 occurrences
volunteered                   1 occurrences
facebookdavid                 1 occurrences
buzz                          1 occurrences
itper                         1 occurrences
substantiate                  1 occurrences
nuanced                       1 occurrences
jacka                         1 occurrences
immigrationkansas             1 occurrences
begged                        1 occurrences
detonatedthe                  1 occurrences
passersby                     1 occurrences
developingobama               1 occurrences
pipe                          1 occurrences
fault                         1 occurrences
vitaly                        1 occurrences
saving                        1 occurrences
incurred                      1 occurrences
superior                      1 occurrences
homicidesbrentwood            1 occurrences
groundwork                    1 occurrences
sentiments                    1 occurrences
supplied                      1 occurrences
intervened                    1 occurrences
depraved                      1 occurrences
roomthe                       1 occurrences
triumph                       1 occurrences
deir                          1 occurrences
conferences                   1 occurrences
jongungordon                  1 occurrences
glory                         1 occurrences
russiadevin                   1 occurrences
strategically                 1 occurrences
hourlong                      1 occurrences
intervenes                    1 occurrences
masterful                     1 occurrences
nyc                           1 occurrences
mustpass                      1 occurrences
notices                       1 occurrences
folded                        1 occurrences
polished                      1 occurrences
nick                          1 occurrences
guided                        1 occurrences
thinkq                        1 occurrences
programfederal                1 occurrences
properlyfollowing             1 occurrences
russiatillerson               1 occurrences
taxpayersshifting             1 occurrences
reintroduce                   1 occurrences
wiretappingsources            1 occurrences
belowwatch                    1 occurrences
tossing                       1 occurrences
brainard                      1 occurrences
chicagothe                    1 occurrences
kilos                         1 occurrences
environmentepa                1 occurrences
transcendent                  1 occurrences
assemblywoman                 1 occurrences
commanderafter                1 occurrences
whomit                        1 occurrences
airstrike                     1 occurrences
defining                      1 occurrences
itthis                        1 occurrences
recalls                       1 occurrences
pieces                        1 occurrences
cancelation                   1 occurrences
religionbeliefs               1 occurrences
arrowsa                       1 occurrences
piss                          1 occurrences
angered                       1 occurrences
jacob                         1 occurrences
presidentas                   1 occurrences
dimonsince                    1 occurrences
gronkowski                    1 occurrences
ihab                          1 occurrences
todaythis                     1 occurrences
gamed                         1 occurrences
provider                      1 occurrences
defines                       1 occurrences
parked                        1 occurrences
planeloads                    1 occurrences
globalistliberal              1 occurrences
inspiring                     1 occurrences
stumbled                      1 occurrences
pits                          1 occurrences
lunatics                      1 occurrences
nucleartipped                 1 occurrences
restriction                   1 occurrences
reportshanding                1 occurrences
schoolcoopergate              1 occurrences
agoplease                     1 occurrences
backdoor                      1 occurrences
learns                        1 occurrences
transgender                   1 occurrences
validly                       1 occurrences
faithful                      1 occurrences
belonging                     1 occurrences
umpire                        1 occurrences
idiots                        1 occurrences
placeboth                     1 occurrences
russiathis                    1 occurrences
steynour                      1 occurrences
sections                      1 occurrences
camacho                       1 occurrences
gascia                        1 occurrences
internetwashington            1 occurrences
warningit                     1 occurrences
thinktank                     1 occurrences
todayhere                     1 occurrences
listhe                        1 occurrences
cubageneral                   1 occurrences
grandson                      1 occurrences
finishing                     1 occurrences
quarterread                   1 occurrences
telecommunications            1 occurrences
etci                          1 occurrences
policiesso                    1 occurrences
reportedcleansing             1 occurrences
stick                         1 occurrences
transcripts                   1 occurrences
thenrussian                   1 occurrences
commands                      1 occurrences
aptly                         1 occurrences
annexation                    1 occurrences
inches                        1 occurrences
brokers                       1 occurrences
ultrabusy                     1 occurrences
mayer                         1 occurrences
worrisome                     1 occurrences
unceremoniously               1 occurrences
brainwashed                   1 occurrences
charitysee                    1 occurrences
araceli                       1 occurrences
cairidentified                1 occurrences
directing                     1 occurrences
milton                        1 occurrences
noncontagious                 1 occurrences
capriles                      1 occurrences
krugman                       1 occurrences
pneumonia                     1 occurrences
raucous                       1 occurrences
actuality                     1 occurrences
euphemism                     1 occurrences
infectionsyou                 1 occurrences
cousin                        1 occurrences
somethin                      1 occurrences
creates                       1 occurrences
truthnot                      1 occurrences
spill                         1 occurrences
cognitive                     1 occurrences
testifies                     1 occurrences
abilities                     1 occurrences
commencing                    1 occurrences
massthe                       1 occurrences
tycoons                       1 occurrences
defamation                    1 occurrences
unsatisfied                   1 occurrences
ribboncutting                 1 occurrences
riyadh                        1 occurrences
dunham                        1 occurrences
steinberg                     1 occurrences
inequalities                  1 occurrences
specialty                     1 occurrences
embattled                     1 occurrences
debatethe                     1 occurrences
imprecise                     1 occurrences
intactalexander               1 occurrences
bumpera                       1 occurrences
error                         1 occurrences
louis                         1 occurrences
absorb                        1 occurrences
matched                       1 occurrences
suntimes                      1 occurrences
disbursed                     1 occurrences
lightninground                1 occurrences
billpelosi                    1 occurrences
democracymany                 1 occurrences
oak                           1 occurrences
peoplein                      1 occurrences
interestspecifically          1 occurrences
rhetoricpowell                1 occurrences
americansour                  1 occurrences
jerk                          1 occurrences
nutty                         1 occurrences
gplisten                      1 occurrences
himhe                         1 occurrences
furioussenator                1 occurrences
incipient                     1 occurrences
custom                        1 occurrences
aparna                        1 occurrences
revolt                        1 occurrences
pattern                       1 occurrences
governmentvia                 1 occurrences
episcopal                     1 occurrences
footnote                      1 occurrences
caution                       1 occurrences
themwe                        1 occurrences
stopgap                       1 occurrences
cowrote                       1 occurrences
selfdestructing               1 occurrences
inclined                      1 occurrences
planjohn                      1 occurrences
reliance                      1 occurrences
gizmodo                       1 occurrences
administrationera             1 occurrences
threehour                     1 occurrences
nonconforming                 1 occurrences
visitcoming                   1 occurrences
jokefurthermore               1 occurrences
makeamericagreatagainplease   1 occurrences
benign                        1 occurrences
attentionradio                1 occurrences
sevenmonth                    1 occurrences
nicer                         1 occurrences
gilbert                       1 occurrences
secretarygeneral              1 occurrences
southeast                     1 occurrences
throwing                      1 occurrences
whereabouts                   1 occurrences
profane                       1 occurrences
clancy                        1 occurrences
uncertain                     1 occurrences
execute                       1 occurrences
careful                       1 occurrences
electronicallyht              1 occurrences
knees                         1 occurrences
muddled                       1 occurrences
bloodiest                     1 occurrences
chamberwhen                   1 occurrences
singles                       1 occurrences
concluding                    1 occurrences
researchers                   1 occurrences
trash                         1 occurrences
nonextremist                  1 occurrences
rushed                        1 occurrences
gassed                        1 occurrences
unions                        1 occurrences
citizenread                   1 occurrences
satisfaction                  1 occurrences
disrespecting                 1 occurrences
ithow                         1 occurrences
ethical                       1 occurrences
platforms                     1 occurrences
forht                         1 occurrences
andre                         1 occurrences
billeven                      1 occurrences
panzer                        1 occurrences
benefiting                    1 occurrences
senatedespite                 1 occurrences
rigorously                    1 occurrences
jungles                       1 occurrences
jennifersks                   1 occurrences
franken                       1 occurrences
diagnosis                     1 occurrences
wellin                        1 occurrences
reengaged                     1 occurrences
prospects                     1 occurrences
nonstarter                    1 occurrences
peach                         1 occurrences
insight                       1 occurrences
terrorthe                     1 occurrences
sinceq                        1 occurrences
foruse                        1 occurrences
walorski                      1 occurrences
versus                        1 occurrences
gavejackson                   1 occurrences
flecked                       1 occurrences
researcher                    1 occurrences
lice                          1 occurrences
rind                          1 occurrences
ohr                           1 occurrences
statescnn                     1 occurrences
permitting                    1 occurrences
securing                      1 occurrences
ludicrous                     1 occurrences
nothinga                      1 occurrences
slanderous                    1 occurrences
statescns                     1 occurrences
byetrump                      1 occurrences
ghanaian                      1 occurrences
protestants                   1 occurrences
railroad                      1 occurrences
jennifer                      1 occurrences
alder                         1 occurrences
ladenin                       1 occurrences
secureamerica                 1 occurrences
hugehere                      1 occurrences
sjws                          1 occurrences
forging                       1 occurrences
deering                       1 occurrences
chiefly                       1 occurrences
disrupted                     1 occurrences
partisanship                  1 occurrences
maggotinfested                1 occurrences
nisa                          1 occurrences
downloaded                    1 occurrences
baptist                       1 occurrences
mild                          1 occurrences
mile                          1 occurrences
articleso                     1 occurrences
milk                          1 occurrences
marriagehttpswwwyoutubecomwatchvcurhgcbswocfierstein1 occurrences
ramsey                        1 occurrences
runnerup                      1 occurrences
interactions                  1 occurrences
worsethe                      1 occurrences
authorization                 1 occurrences
presentation                  1 occurrences
doubledown                    1 occurrences
messenger                     1 occurrences
jpmorgan                      1 occurrences
supplywhen                    1 occurrences
rants                         1 occurrences
satire                        1 occurrences
megabytes                     1 occurrences
donorsforbes                  1 occurrences
datain                        1 occurrences
tammy                         1 occurrences
brazile                       1 occurrences
cautioning                    1 occurrences
forge                         1 occurrences
veteranslet                   1 occurrences
novemberdecades               1 occurrences
hijabs                        1 occurrences
neighborsthe                  1 occurrences
yorker                        1 occurrences
liberated                     1 occurrences
slippery                      1 occurrences
filters                       1 occurrences
swiftly                       1 occurrences
attract                       1 occurrences
colonel                       1 occurrences
vince                         1 occurrences
lousy                         1 occurrences
mini                          1 occurrences
minn                          1 occurrences
foodpolice                    1 occurrences
nyin                          1 occurrences
deviceread                    1 occurrences
kustoff                       1 occurrences
territorial                   1 occurrences
tomorrowif                    1 occurrences
increasesthe                  1 occurrences
academy                       1 occurrences
avid                          1 occurrences
trumpcatherine                1 occurrences
fivemonth                     1 occurrences
rename                        1 occurrences
bargaining                    1 occurrences
beyondthe                     1 occurrences
jasta                         1 occurrences
borderreport                  1 occurrences
beginthe                      1 occurrences
administrationafter           1 occurrences
morethe                       1 occurrences
peoplethis                    1 occurrences
americafirst                  1 occurrences
tyronne                       1 occurrences
sputtering                    1 occurrences
wrongness                     1 occurrences
hereno                        1 occurrences
islandthey                    1 occurrences
acquired                      1 occurrences
workingvia                    1 occurrences
floods                        1 occurrences
hypodermicsq                  1 occurrences
antagonizing                  1 occurrences
clearest                      1 occurrences
helmath                       1 occurrences
explored                      1 occurrences
netting                       1 occurrences
diagnosisis                   1 occurrences
decimating                    1 occurrences
encompassing                  1 occurrences
hereof                        1 occurrences
trueshouldn                   1 occurrences
spirits                       1 occurrences
tainting                      1 occurrences
okaythe                       1 occurrences
putto                         1 occurrences
restored                      1 occurrences
abbas                         1 occurrences
keythe                        1 occurrences
bansenator                    1 occurrences
tasking                       1 occurrences
tenor                         1 occurrences
allieswatch                   1 occurrences
vienna                        1 occurrences
discontinued                  1 occurrences
hygiene                       1 occurrences
belowperez                    1 occurrences
choicesthey                   1 occurrences
jraccording                   1 occurrences
splinter                      1 occurrences
hangar                        1 occurrences
restores                      1 occurrences
sundayajmera                  1 occurrences
justic                        1 occurrences
kick                          1 occurrences
opa                           1 occurrences
unanimous                     1 occurrences
opb                           1 occurrences
conjunction                   1 occurrences
viewhow                       1 occurrences
novosti                       1 occurrences
intercultural                 1 occurrences
executivesonce                1 occurrences
peopleall                     1 occurrences
familial                      1 occurrences
possiblechange                1 occurrences
murmurs                       1 occurrences
comingall                     1 occurrences
gravy                         1 occurrences
yours                         1 occurrences
erupted                       1 occurrences
paragraphsthis                1 occurrences
sharplyhollowing              1 occurrences
territories                   1 occurrences
mulling                       1 occurrences
expenditure                   1 occurrences
associations                  1 occurrences
dixiehead                     1 occurrences
attackwe                      1 occurrences
hydrate                       1 occurrences
conflictthe                   1 occurrences
catching                      1 occurrences
proprietywith                 1 occurrences
endorsing                     1 occurrences
bolster                       1 occurrences
minutia                       1 occurrences
sticky                        1 occurrences
horribly                      1 occurrences
notre                         1 occurrences
premise                       1 occurrences
recounting                    1 occurrences
lawcalifornia                 1 occurrences
limiting                      1 occurrences
aisle                         1 occurrences
youth                         1 occurrences
italy                         1 occurrences
features                      1 occurrences
mitt                          1 occurrences
backandforth                  1 occurrences
homedan                       1 occurrences
morewe                        1 occurrences
shelterswho                   1 occurrences
larry                         1 occurrences
perils                        1 occurrences
girlthe                       1 occurrences
nextgen                       1 occurrences
gottfried                     1 occurrences
strengthno                    1 occurrences
trumpcomey                    1 occurrences
milan                         1 occurrences
downgraded                    1 occurrences
indian                        1 occurrences
laborer                       1 occurrences
hanger                        1 occurrences
politifact                    1 occurrences
infiltrating                  1 occurrences
crimeon                       1 occurrences
commissionwho                 1 occurrences
misspelled                    1 occurrences
entertained                   1 occurrences
subsidiaries                  1 occurrences
unsavory                      1 occurrences
hedgein                       1 occurrences
treadmill                     1 occurrences
rambobiggs                    1 occurrences
groundskeeper                 1 occurrences
sprawling                     1 occurrences
figuring                      1 occurrences
tents                         1 occurrences
patterson                     1 occurrences
linden                        1 occurrences
phrasevelshi                  1 occurrences
findingssome                  1 occurrences
ministries                    1 occurrences
cubanamericans                1 occurrences
produces                      1 occurrences
conventional                  1 occurrences
saves                         1 occurrences
yields                        1 occurrences
disarm                        1 occurrences
costa                         1 occurrences
saver                         1 occurrences
transcriberthe                1 occurrences
indeedhouse                   1 occurrences
italians                      1 occurrences
slide                         1 occurrences
officethere                   1 occurrences
resettled                     1 occurrences
dokoupil                      1 occurrences
downno                        1 occurrences
wikipediathe                  1 occurrences
infirm                        1 occurrences
culmination                   1 occurrences
minimize                      1 occurrences
acquittalvideo                1 occurrences
stopit                        1 occurrences
viciously                     1 occurrences
implantvia                    1 occurrences
alsissi                       1 occurrences
coffee                        1 occurrences
syndrome                      1 occurrences
purview                       1 occurrences
machetes                      1 occurrences
courtread                     1 occurrences
washingtonamericans           1 occurrences
michaelson                    1 occurrences
waded                         1 occurrences
tragic                        1 occurrences
pearl                         1 occurrences
trustees                      1 occurrences
gerald                        1 occurrences
sewed                         1 occurrences
daham                         1 occurrences
paging                        1 occurrences
yemenis                       1 occurrences
experiences                   1 occurrences
reformsfor                    1 occurrences
forbidding                    1 occurrences
leadershipsen                 1 occurrences
bridgegate                    1 occurrences
nonetheless                   1 occurrences
castiron                      1 occurrences
madness                       1 occurrences
groped                        1 occurrences
mastery                       1 occurrences
speechfunctiond               1 occurrences
protein                       1 occurrences
californiahere                1 occurrences
clausethe                     1 occurrences
lengths                       1 occurrences
grievances                    1 occurrences
largescale                    1 occurrences
lawenforcement                1 occurrences
organizationseven             1 occurrences
freeloaders                   1 occurrences
landslide                     1 occurrences
purposeswe                    1 occurrences
stateobama                    1 occurrences
changewe                      1 occurrences
voicewe                       1 occurrences
pittsburgh                    1 occurrences
malpractice                   1 occurrences
factors                       1 occurrences
baton                         1 occurrences
threatcongressman             1 occurrences
factory                       1 occurrences
literal                       1 occurrences
worldiwidewhat                1 occurrences
joshua                        1 occurrences
isolate                       1 occurrences
nasser                        1 occurrences
rainbowsjohn                  1 occurrences
fusiongenerated               1 occurrences
wallace                       1 occurrences
lawsread                      1 occurrences
tyson                         1 occurrences
exorbitant                    1 occurrences
barcelona                     1 occurrences
woodruffsusan                 1 occurrences
pertain                       1 occurrences
faroff                        1 occurrences
ethnicities                   1 occurrences
maligned                      1 occurrences
sergei                        1 occurrences
oversees                      1 occurrences
federationorrick              1 occurrences
treatmenthours                1 occurrences
laughableone                  1 occurrences
americaif                     1 occurrences
financiallywilbur             1 occurrences
nietodeare                    1 occurrences
casewheeler                   1 occurrences
clintonloretta                1 occurrences
fannie                        1 occurrences
aged                          1 occurrences
knowndavid                    1 occurrences
centuries                     1 occurrences
americait                     1 occurrences
gonzales                      1 occurrences
skis                          1 occurrences
qualified                     1 occurrences
hefty                         1 occurrences
fissile                       1 occurrences
inducted                      1 occurrences
presidenttwo                  1 occurrences
atlarge                       1 occurrences
flips                         1 occurrences
awaythe                       1 occurrences
prioritization                1 occurrences
smirk                         1 occurrences
gruesome                      1 occurrences
pegged                        1 occurrences
willheres                     1 occurrences
enlargement                   1 occurrences
wellsome                      1 occurrences
areafounder                   1 occurrences
wallswork                     1 occurrences
politicalaction               1 occurrences
bowhunters                    1 occurrences
thatpolice                    1 occurrences
adonia                        1 occurrences
flyer                         1 occurrences
allhud                        1 occurrences
blockgrant                    1 occurrences
agothe                        1 occurrences
posse                         1 occurrences
overseer                      1 occurrences
rightthinking                 1 occurrences
candidatelet                  1 occurrences
strangers                     1 occurrences
americain                     1 occurrences
countryhillary                1 occurrences
transpacific                  1 occurrences
clintonour                    1 occurrences
currency                      1 occurrences
legacyformer                  1 occurrences
onethe                        1 occurrences
missilesbut                   1 occurrences
homework                      1 occurrences
skies                         1 occurrences
dolley                        1 occurrences
downtrend                     1 occurrences
surrender                     1 occurrences
deservebut                    1 occurrences
wantin                        1 occurrences
bridging                      1 occurrences
incentivizes                  1 occurrences
victimized                    1 occurrences
protestorsa                   1 occurrences
crosses                       1 occurrences
perfectly                     1 occurrences
tribunals                     1 occurrences
foolishnessoh                 1 occurrences
purgatory                     1 occurrences
enron                         1 occurrences
slimy                         1 occurrences
childrenjudge                 1 occurrences
systemthe                     1 occurrences
hospitalthe                   1 occurrences
dollarsthe                    1 occurrences
microphonessince              1 occurrences
stunnedsenator                1 occurrences
savoy                         1 occurrences
forfeiture                    1 occurrences
obstructionist                1 occurrences
associatesthe                 1 occurrences
pal                           1 occurrences
profitable                    1 occurrences
weaponsthe                    1 occurrences
garciamoran                   1 occurrences
detainee                      1 occurrences
careerto                      1 occurrences
strengththat                  1 occurrences
reinvest                      1 occurrences
troopswe                      1 occurrences
thenus                        1 occurrences
peaceseeking                  1 occurrences
combatready                   1 occurrences
garden                        1 occurrences
vulnerabilities               1 occurrences
crucially                     1 occurrences
stateoftheart                 1 occurrences
writingnotes                  1 occurrences
medics                        1 occurrences
remarksopening                1 occurrences
pbs                           1 occurrences
instructionfor                1 occurrences
modernizing                   1 occurrences
needsas                       1 occurrences
detecting                     1 occurrences
detailrelease                 1 occurrences
procure                       1 occurrences
destroyers                    1 occurrences
fouryearold                   1 occurrences
wroteon                       1 occurrences
yearsjust                     1 occurrences
reminded                      1 occurrences
stateone                      1 occurrences
weaponshillary                1 occurrences
pictwittercomgzkgsnicgb       1 occurrences
unleashing                    1 occurrences
accountthe                    1 occurrences
warrantless                   1 occurrences
erosion                       1 occurrences
jinx                          1 occurrences
embracing                     1 occurrences
childbirth                    1 occurrences
overruling                    1 occurrences
pressuring                    1 occurrences
dwva                          1 occurrences
disrupting                    1 occurrences
creek                         1 occurrences
detection                     1 occurrences
futurethe                     1 occurrences
pierces                       1 occurrences
lowskilled                    1 occurrences
homeownerssomalis             1 occurrences
reporthelen                   1 occurrences
papua                         1 occurrences
americansunder                1 occurrences
defeatthe                     1 occurrences
winfrey                       1 occurrences
unused                        1 occurrences
kwame                         1 occurrences
rhami                         1 occurrences
forbids                       1 occurrences
threeyear                     1 occurrences
helsinki                      1 occurrences
madeshe                       1 occurrences
tsajust                       1 occurrences
seemmargot                    1 occurrences
disruption                    1 occurrences
promoted                      1 occurrences
oftensecret                   1 occurrences
pee                           1 occurrences
ouster                        1 occurrences
destructionhe                 1 occurrences
syriamark                     1 occurrences
marketplace                   1 occurrences
imprisonment                  1 occurrences
promotes                      1 occurrences
playbook                      1 occurrences
zipcars                       1 occurrences
reply                         1 occurrences
plaskett                      1 occurrences
medicaidhowever               1 occurrences
iraqa                         1 occurrences
pen                           1 occurrences
primarytrump                  1 occurrences
bugling                       1 occurrences
pew                           1 occurrences
kennedyor                     1 occurrences
timeframe                     1 occurrences
yemenwe                       1 occurrences
weekcuba                      1 occurrences
familyin                      1 occurrences
mubarak                       1 occurrences
fortunately                   1 occurrences
philanthropic                 1 occurrences
anotherafter                  1 occurrences
computing                     1 occurrences
biohax                        1 occurrences
foothold                      1 occurrences
production                    1 occurrences
severity                      1 occurrences
countryshe                    1 occurrences
prolonged                     1 occurrences
aftershe                      1 occurrences
grown                         1 occurrences
steal                         1 occurrences
propertyand                   1 occurrences
clintonslet                   1 occurrences
watchunlike                   1 occurrences
velshi                        1 occurrences
extract                       1 occurrences
negotiates                    1 occurrences
assailant                     1 occurrences
arcticsource                  1 occurrences
cnnpolitics                   1 occurrences
pgt                           1 occurrences
precedence                    1 occurrences
againthat                     1 occurrences
againif                       1 occurrences
intimidationin                1 occurrences
witnessesin                   1 occurrences
losingi                       1 occurrences
statesbut                     1 occurrences
doomed                        1 occurrences
skinn                         1 occurrences
hebrew                        1 occurrences
snapfood                      1 occurrences
illgotten                     1 occurrences
astonishing                   1 occurrences
stutters                      1 occurrences
phd                           1 occurrences
lacking                       1 occurrences
trapped                       1 occurrences
childrenwe                    1 occurrences
unvetted                      1 occurrences
presidentduring               1 occurrences
endorses                      1 occurrences
teenagerin                    1 occurrences
tours                         1 occurrences
deservesand                   1 occurrences
peopleon                      1 occurrences
justicebefore                 1 occurrences
longterm                      1 occurrences
futurehillary                 1 occurrences
auspices                      1 occurrences
worldher                      1 occurrences
recklessly                    1 occurrences
bleached                      1 occurrences
kristinnfr                    1 occurrences
sixth                         1 occurrences
sessionbusted                 1 occurrences
taxesread                     1 occurrences
presbyterians                 1 occurrences
usmexican                     1 occurrences
shooters                      1 occurrences
saidoutgoing                  1 occurrences
chao                          1 occurrences
communists                    1 occurrences
bailouts                      1 occurrences
bombs                         1 occurrences
grammy                        1 occurrences
canary                        1 occurrences
kaitlyn                       1 occurrences
collapsing                    1 occurrences
serviced                      1 occurrences
housingunemployment           1 occurrences
clientsa                      1 occurrences
limitswhile                   1 occurrences
mildenhall                    1 occurrences
dominance                     1 occurrences
gilliam                       1 occurrences
federalism                    1 occurrences
queasy                        1 occurrences
medieval                      1 occurrences
deadlines                     1 occurrences
pii                           1 occurrences
officefranken                 1 occurrences
ciafrance                     1 occurrences
overbut                       1 occurrences
exec                          1 occurrences
cleaners                      1 occurrences
congressshe                   1 occurrences
wright                        1 occurrences
changethe                     1 occurrences
saracarterdc                  1 occurrences
overdeputy                    1 occurrences
authoritiesby                 1 occurrences
thirteen                      1 occurrences
hideand                       1 occurrences
payforplay                    1 occurrences
gymnastics                    1 occurrences
njtv                          1 occurrences
minibus                       1 occurrences
handsome                      1 occurrences
statehillary                  1 occurrences
howeversome                   1 occurrences
establishmenti                1 occurrences
selfie                        1 occurrences
arrestsvia                    1 occurrences
wowkallstrom                  1 occurrences
housingbecause                1 occurrences
changeindustrial              1 occurrences
disordershe                   1 occurrences
booted                        1 occurrences
outlay                        1 occurrences
skirt                         1 occurrences
happeningthroughout           1 occurrences
dealwithin                    1 occurrences
raked                         1 occurrences
oppressive                    1 occurrences
iranians                      1 occurrences
cozied                        1 occurrences
oppress                       1 occurrences
gays                          1 occurrences
affiliates                    1 occurrences
envisioned                    1 occurrences
schizophrenic                 1 occurrences
islamhillary                  1 occurrences
abddhal                       1 occurrences
offenses                      1 occurrences
overturn                      1 occurrences
shaykh                        1 occurrences
bankrupt                      1 occurrences
washingtonthe                 1 occurrences
posture                       1 occurrences
productive                    1 occurrences
nares                         1 occurrences
bastille                      1 occurrences
effected                      1 occurrences
securityimran                 1 occurrences
shakeups                      1 occurrences
warrantsfusion                1 occurrences
directorcomey                 1 occurrences
thatwheeler                   1 occurrences
grocery                       1 occurrences
firstgeneration               1 occurrences
overstating                   1 occurrences
ginnie                        1 occurrences
talkjohn                      1 occurrences
incite                        1 occurrences
hannigan                      1 occurrences
fantasy                       1 occurrences
usjust                        1 occurrences
nightread                     1 occurrences
rajuthe                       1 occurrences
tourism                       1 occurrences
perfecttwo                    1 occurrences
proceedingsread               1 occurrences
kinda                         1 occurrences
hanukkah                      1 occurrences
fuctupmind                    1 occurrences
credentialed                  1 occurrences
saidtillerson                 1 occurrences
sisters                       1 occurrences
herit                         1 occurrences
powerfulthe                   1 occurrences
majoritymuslim                1 occurrences
pol                           1 occurrences
structurally                  1 occurrences
kislyaksusan                  1 occurrences
figuresthe                    1 occurrences
absolute                      1 occurrences
detect                        1 occurrences
tacked                        1 occurrences
electionsduring               1 occurrences
pps                           1 occurrences
awhile                        1 occurrences
railways                      1 occurrences
library                       1 occurrences
abolished                     1 occurrences
specialist                    1 occurrences
unpopular                     1 occurrences
newsgathering                 1 occurrences
bumper                        1 occurrences
villanueva                    1 occurrences
howard                        1 occurrences
clintonscritics               1 occurrences
crosswe                       1 occurrences
mining                        1 occurrences
thensenator                   1 occurrences
chin                          1 occurrences
realignment                   1 occurrences
barrier                       1 occurrences
securocrats                   1 occurrences
basharal                      1 occurrences
gigs                          1 occurrences
withdrawn                     1 occurrences
newsclayton                   1 occurrences
pedigree                      1 occurrences
numerical                     1 occurrences
nseers                        1 occurrences
pre                           1 occurrences
coleman                       1 occurrences
recurring                     1 occurrences
reimbursein                   1 occurrences
strengthened                  1 occurrences
conjuring                     1 occurrences
incarcerated                  1 occurrences
smartphone                    1 occurrences
pictwittercomtbnujzgzzf       1 occurrences
deformities                   1 occurrences
backseat                      1 occurrences
bungled                       1 occurrences
socialized                    1 occurrences
byrandom                      1 occurrences
megwagner                     1 occurrences
topread                       1 occurrences
improving                     1 occurrences
murguia                       1 occurrences
donnellysupplemental          1 occurrences
contestant                    1 occurrences
describes                     1 occurrences
midget                        1 occurrences
affiliate                     1 occurrences
pse                           1 occurrences
trashing                      1 occurrences
vendor                        1 occurrences
imply                         1 occurrences
grayson                       1 occurrences
putinvice                     1 occurrences
aristocraticthe               1 occurrences
currenciesbut                 1 occurrences
mexicous                      1 occurrences
rooftop                       1 occurrences
doles                         1 occurrences
investigationcongress         1 occurrences
proximity                     1 occurrences
causes                        1 occurrences
punditread                    1 occurrences
reluctant                     1 occurrences
revisions                     1 occurrences
miniaturized                  1 occurrences
fishingq                      1 occurrences
belowrepeal                   1 occurrences
authorizedthe                 1 occurrences
checks                        1 occurrences
liquor                        1 occurrences
wmal                          1 occurrences
dwight                        1 occurrences
cyberstrike                   1 occurrences
propensity                    1 occurrences
eradicate                     1 occurrences
returnsalso                   1 occurrences
cubanamerican                 1 occurrences
candidacythe                  1 occurrences
poster                        1 occurrences
campaignmueller               1 occurrences
fodder                        1 occurrences
coideologists                 1 occurrences
fide                          1 occurrences
jaein                         1 occurrences
lockheed                      1 occurrences
gaffney                       1 occurrences
herbombshell                  1 occurrences
goingons                      1 occurrences
surviveread                   1 occurrences
statesoros                    1 occurrences
overrun                       1 occurrences
citizenok                     1 occurrences
rabble                        1 occurrences
yetht                         1 occurrences
tanya                         1 occurrences
rtthe                         1 occurrences
slew                          1 occurrences
kuwaiti                       1 occurrences
previewing                    1 occurrences
login                         1 occurrences
insidersi                     1 occurrences
youtrump                      1 occurrences
composition                   1 occurrences
youall                        1 occurrences
tragedies                     1 occurrences
admirals                      1 occurrences
citizensread                  1 occurrences
weeksplease                   1 occurrences
exodus                        1 occurrences
utahbased                     1 occurrences
belongs                       1 occurrences
websitejessica                1 occurrences
twominute                     1 occurrences
foreground                    1 occurrences
veered                        1 occurrences
uncovering                    1 occurrences
forgot                        1 occurrences
msnbcstrategist               1 occurrences
missourithe                   1 occurrences
applaud                       1 occurrences
serverin                      1 occurrences
follows                       1 occurrences
aidesdeare                    1 occurrences
admonition                    1 occurrences
threecitizen                  1 occurrences
interviewhe                   1 occurrences
friendlier                    1 occurrences
intelligencefinally           1 occurrences
nowbartiromo                  1 occurrences
aei                           1 occurrences
raiding                       1 occurrences
demotion                      1 occurrences
boulevard                     1 occurrences
recipientsthe                 1 occurrences
italianamericans              1 occurrences
lecturers                     1 occurrences
emissionslocal                1 occurrences
didfrom                       1 occurrences
flouting                      1 occurrences
xinia                         1 occurrences
reportedrepublican            1 occurrences
charities                     1 occurrences
secondguess                   1 occurrences
overruns                      1 occurrences
stonewall                     1 occurrences
reclaim                       1 occurrences
meetingread                   1 occurrences
swedish                       1 occurrences
reportedin                    1 occurrences
snowflake                     1 occurrences
vitality                      1 occurrences
reportedvia                   1 occurrences
pagliano                      1 occurrences
peril                         1 occurrences
obsessed                      1 occurrences
barring                       1 occurrences
strictparty                   1 occurrences
boldit                        1 occurrences
ahca                          1 occurrences
distinguished                 1 occurrences
recusal                       1 occurrences
hardcooked                    1 occurrences
discovering                   1 occurrences
afr                           1 occurrences
exfbi                         1 occurrences
wowradio                      1 occurrences
raided                        1 occurrences
defendant                     1 occurrences
distinguishes                 1 occurrences
reversed                      1 occurrences
breakin                       1 occurrences
documentsanother              1 occurrences
sundayfutures                 1 occurrences
underlying                    1 occurrences
committeeour                  1 occurrences
stampswork                    1 occurrences
faisalabad                    1 occurrences
respectstrong                 1 occurrences
acquaintances                 1 occurrences
ownyou                        1 occurrences
carevietnam                   1 occurrences
reportbatkins                 1 occurrences
leadershipthe                 1 occurrences
reams                         1 occurrences
causethe                      1 occurrences
venue                         1 occurrences
twelfth                       1 occurrences
schultzthenrep                1 occurrences
simplifying                   1 occurrences
morgan                        1 occurrences
politicsall                   1 occurrences
abovevan                      1 occurrences
sexism                        1 occurrences
sarcastically                 1 occurrences
reagans                       1 occurrences
groundbased                   1 occurrences
pollack                       1 occurrences
letternunes                   1 occurrences
statuewhy                     1 occurrences
capbut                        1 occurrences
shine                         1 occurrences
itinerary                     1 occurrences
gunfight                      1 occurrences
consultant                    1 occurrences
newarkwhat                    1 occurrences
universitysource              1 occurrences
deescalate                    1 occurrences
sanity                        1 occurrences
shiny                         1 occurrences
americansleaders              1 occurrences
minifleet                     1 occurrences
unite                         1 occurrences
taxreduce                     1 occurrences
reopening                     1 occurrences
specifications                1 occurrences
preserves                     1 occurrences
organizing                    1 occurrences
aks                           1 occurrences
unarmed                       1 occurrences
manchester                    1 occurrences
canadathe                     1 occurrences
fourday                       1 occurrences
officemilo                    1 occurrences
fieldlee                      1 occurrences
molewa                        1 occurrences
script                        1 occurrences
withoutread                   1 occurrences
erovinkin                     1 occurrences
grande                        1 occurrences
playremember                  1 occurrences
nicknamed                     1 occurrences
senrichardblack               1 occurrences
actsimpson                    1 occurrences
fing                          1 occurrences
llpsusan                      1 occurrences
wellfunded                    1 occurrences
pagespresident                1 occurrences
overregulation                1 occurrences
stationread                   1 occurrences
honors                        1 occurrences
nothingdaca                   1 occurrences
benghazimehta                 1 occurrences
brokea                        1 occurrences
fellowships                   1 occurrences
belittle                      1 occurrences
russiaowned                   1 occurrences
thadd                         1 occurrences
readshowever                  1 occurrences
amb                           1 occurrences
pernicious                    1 occurrences
inherently                    1 occurrences
satirist                      1 occurrences
withering                     1 occurrences
docked                        1 occurrences
rapid                         1 occurrences
persuasive                    1 occurrences
prevention                    1 occurrences
roosevelt                     1 occurrences
washingtonbased               1 occurrences
wring                         1 occurrences
dias                          1 occurrences
rulemaking                    1 occurrences
inflicted                     1 occurrences
explodes                      1 occurrences
advisorthis                   1 occurrences
casethat                      1 occurrences
pluswic                       1 occurrences
squats                        1 occurrences
miscarriage                   1 occurrences
problemsthe                   1 occurrences
limitation                    1 occurrences
momentum                      1 occurrences
tennesseebe                   1 occurrences
dianne                        1 occurrences
complies                      1 occurrences
sheetread                     1 occurrences
billy                         1 occurrences
slammer                       1 occurrences
thisrod                       1 occurrences
tumultuous                    1 occurrences
whines                        1 occurrences
straddles                     1 occurrences
afp                           1 occurrences
strickling                    1 occurrences
apa                           1 occurrences
amazement                     1 occurrences
travels                       1 occurrences
cellphones                    1 occurrences
elseq                         1 occurrences
couch                         1 occurrences
amused                        1 occurrences
starve                        1 occurrences
declares                      1 occurrences
apt                           1 occurrences
fingerprint                   1 occurrences
kislyak                       1 occurrences
spelled                       1 occurrences
novel                         1 occurrences
flashing                      1 occurrences
colluding                     1 occurrences
endas                         1 occurrences
attackjudicial                1 occurrences
mcquary                       1 occurrences
lineup                        1 occurrences
doityourself                  1 occurrences
timesdemocrats                1 occurrences
middling                      1 occurrences
resourcesthe                  1 occurrences
latex                         1 occurrences
seated                        1 occurrences
demolition                    1 occurrences
catalonia                     1 occurrences
stemming                      1 occurrences
cabin                         1 occurrences
versions                      1 occurrences
agenciesduring                1 occurrences
nativeheaded                  1 occurrences
ark                           1 occurrences
balances                      1 occurrences
confirmationsen               1 occurrences
engine                        1 occurrences
surrendered                   1 occurrences
afterschool                   1 occurrences
horace                        1 occurrences
rtanother                     1 occurrences
statesponsored                1 occurrences
impartiality                  1 occurrences
futurein                      1 occurrences
casethis                      1 occurrences
stacey                        1 occurrences
murderercmdr                  1 occurrences
crisispolice                  1 occurrences
belowthree                    1 occurrences
remarkspresident              1 occurrences
unaffected                    1 occurrences
entrance                      1 occurrences
leaderi                       1 occurrences
alienate                      1 occurrences
showtwo                       1 occurrences
stateseach                    1 occurrences
grilled                       1 occurrences
scorched                      1 occurrences
bundler                       1 occurrences
furrytailed                   1 occurrences
drawing                       1 occurrences
carriage                      1 occurrences
att                           1 occurrences
transit                       1 occurrences
bestsmu                       1 occurrences
staunchly                     1 occurrences
embarrases                    1 occurrences
hoppin                        1 occurrences
groping                       1 occurrences
imams                         1 occurrences
abusive                       1 occurrences
lanikai                       1 occurrences
watchhere                     1 occurrences
lagerfield                    1 occurrences
oligarch                      1 occurrences
filesto                       1 occurrences
literature                    1 occurrences
torso                         1 occurrences
defunding                     1 occurrences
awesomemore                   1 occurrences
pleasure                      1 occurrences
weaver                        1 occurrences
winners                       1 occurrences
calculating                   1 occurrences
trustfund                     1 occurrences
newsand                       1 occurrences
herreras                      1 occurrences
unreadable                    1 occurrences
ethnicity                     1 occurrences
calhoun                       1 occurrences
trumpi                        1 occurrences
interjected                   1 occurrences
seatin                        1 occurrences
dutifully                     1 occurrences
berlin                        1 occurrences
dungb                         1 occurrences
limousine                     1 occurrences
bloods                        1 occurrences
magnificent                   1 occurrences
daisy                         1 occurrences
cruisers                      1 occurrences
ships                         1 occurrences
dedicate                      1 occurrences
warlet                        1 occurrences
sausage                       1 occurrences
doradio                       1 occurrences
roomba                        1 occurrences
bodyslammed                   1 occurrences
decisionsmccain               1 occurrences
amended                       1 occurrences
withdrawali                   1 occurrences
upland                        1 occurrences
countrythere                  1 occurrences
egalitarianism                1 occurrences
vain                          1 occurrences
screeched                     1 occurrences
winger                        1 occurrences
advocacylegislative           1 occurrences
hurricanes                    1 occurrences
reserved                      1 occurrences
secondsnot                    1 occurrences
demagoguery                   1 occurrences
motivepresident               1 occurrences
islamists                     1 occurrences
happeninga                    1 occurrences
malcolm                       1 occurrences
reformhere                    1 occurrences
observations                  1 occurrences
cmarinucci                    1 occurrences
clogged                       1 occurrences
scathing                      1 occurrences
existenceit                   1 occurrences
suffice                       1 occurrences
happygolucky                  1 occurrences
plastic                       1 occurrences
halfadozen                    1 occurrences
cohorts                       1 occurrences
counterprotester              1 occurrences
contending                    1 occurrences
nearfield                     1 occurrences
concentrated                  1 occurrences
flourish                      1 occurrences
reversing                     1 occurrences
tensionspresident             1 occurrences
seasons                       1 occurrences
understated                   1 occurrences
madethen                      1 occurrences
exerts                        1 occurrences
thenattorney                  1 occurrences
accounted                     1 occurrences
maralago                      1 occurrences
adversarial                   1 occurrences
nsasourced                    1 occurrences
offtherecord                  1 occurrences
whitetails                    1 occurrences
functioning                   1 occurrences
seatfellow                    1 occurrences
eternity                      1 occurrences
triggers                      1 occurrences
dateaccording                 1 occurrences
colleaguesto                  1 occurrences
meeropol                      1 occurrences
generated                     1 occurrences
reiterate                     1 occurrences
rigorous                      1 occurrences
cyberattacksbut               1 occurrences
awr                           1 occurrences
informationsome               1 occurrences
worldplease                   1 occurrences
bones                         1 occurrences
repliedpresident              1 occurrences
facebookthis                  1 occurrences
deliverable                   1 occurrences
donned                        1 occurrences
choctaw                       1 occurrences
newsit                        1 occurrences
continuesaudiovideo           1 occurrences
silverware                    1 occurrences
rican                         1 occurrences
harvested                     1 occurrences
flipping                      1 occurrences
sexting                       1 occurrences
shortskirted                  1 occurrences
mutually                      1 occurrences
submission                    1 occurrences
todayaccording                1 occurrences
highsecurity                  1 occurrences
freddiegray                   1 occurrences
steward                       1 occurrences
selfregulating                1 occurrences
adedini                       1 occurrences
hadjust                       1 occurrences
mighty                        1 occurrences
endht                         1 occurrences
triggerhappy                  1 occurrences
victorywe                     1 occurrences
steady                        1 occurrences
cargo                         1 occurrences
dion                          1 occurrences
untenable                     1 occurrences
existyou                      1 occurrences
fortyeight                    1 occurrences
interventionist               1 occurrences
globalism                     1 occurrences
badlyand                      1 occurrences
accountht                     1 occurrences
terrorismthe                  1 occurrences
mustafa                       1 occurrences
shamefulall                   1 occurrences
trumpanyone                   1 occurrences
wildfires                     1 occurrences
unfit                         1 occurrences
escapeany                     1 occurrences
missionwe                     1 occurrences
firstgrade                    1 occurrences
yearswe                       1 occurrences
nowthat                       1 occurrences
societywhen                   1 occurrences
americani                     1 occurrences
classless                     1 occurrences
furnished                     1 occurrences
grantssome                    1 occurrences
reveled                       1 occurrences
inclusive                     1 occurrences
hadthe                        1 occurrences
unlimitedthe                  1 occurrences
tiredif                       1 occurrences
deceit                        1 occurrences
behindwe                      1 occurrences
appreciation                  1 occurrences
dyed                          1 occurrences
anticipates                   1 occurrences
salvatrucha                   1 occurrences
proslavery                    1 occurrences
alexis                        1 occurrences
peoplelast                    1 occurrences
improvements                  1 occurrences
infrastructurebeautiful       1 occurrences
skyscrapers                   1 occurrences
beijingmost                   1 occurrences
sufferthe                     1 occurrences
fourthe                       1 occurrences
approvals                     1 occurrences
collegeas                     1 occurrences
implore                       1 occurrences
mesquite                      1 occurrences
historyhow                    1 occurrences
jeopardizing                  1 occurrences
righthand                     1 occurrences
beaconhannity                 1 occurrences
clintoncarlson                1 occurrences
onduty                        1 occurrences
sidethe                       1 occurrences
salacious                     1 occurrences
abdel                         1 occurrences
pledging                      1 occurrences
soundbiteshe                  1 occurrences
jeremiah                      1 occurrences
engineer                      1 occurrences
statedjames                   1 occurrences
boards                        1 occurrences
detonated                     1 occurrences
salmansaudi                   1 occurrences
brock                         1 occurrences
discard                       1 occurrences
seine                         1 occurrences
aboard                        1 occurrences
wallfred                      1 occurrences
amazingthis                   1 occurrences
abetted                       1 occurrences
frontrunner                   1 occurrences
standdown                     1 occurrences
enthusiasm                    1 occurrences
manmade                       1 occurrences
secondary                     1 occurrences
nieto                         1 occurrences
matterthe                     1 occurrences
defensewe                     1 occurrences
carla                         1 occurrences
overlooking                   1 occurrences
systemic                      1 occurrences
electionmccabe                1 occurrences
unwinnable                    1 occurrences
benefited                     1 occurrences
povertyhere                   1 occurrences
arising                       1 occurrences
breachthe                     1 occurrences
secondincommand               1 occurrences
thereto                       1 occurrences
hillarydon                    1 occurrences
description                   1 occurrences
websiteas                     1 occurrences
persisting                    1 occurrences
emailsdeal                    1 occurrences
bbc                           1 occurrences
overthese                     1 occurrences
futuresto                     1 occurrences
backgrounds                   1 occurrences
trumpin                       1 occurrences
tradesmen                     1 occurrences
craftsmen                     1 occurrences
workersi                      1 occurrences
bricklayers                   1 occurrences
embraced                      1 occurrences
presidentcrowd                1 occurrences
neurological                  1 occurrences
becomenot                     1 occurrences
electricians                  1 occurrences
plumbers                      1 occurrences
rasheed                       1 occurrences
collar                        1 occurrences
tumblr                        1 occurrences
louder                        1 occurrences
remembrance                   1 occurrences
embraces                      1 occurrences
spreading                     1 occurrences
revere                        1 occurrences
wncn                          1 occurrences
momentthis                    1 occurrences
problemread                   1 occurrences
incontrovertible              1 occurrences
mined                         1 occurrences
womanthe                      1 occurrences
fbiag                         1 occurrences
fivetime                      1 occurrences
mines                         1 occurrences
faithbased                    1 occurrences
groceries                     1 occurrences
jackasses                     1 occurrences
accountsthis                  1 occurrences
invoke                        1 occurrences
ploy                          1 occurrences
drunken                       1 occurrences
kampf                         1 occurrences
elder                         1 occurrences
statenetherlands              1 occurrences
convulse                      1 occurrences
backup                        1 occurrences
tutor                         1 occurrences
prosecutorand                 1 occurrences
depend                        1 occurrences
bee                           1 occurrences
garnered                      1 occurrences
islamism                      1 occurrences
prisoners                     1 occurrences
marginally                    1 occurrences
preachers                     1 occurrences
sidewalk                      1 occurrences
districtsdahman               1 occurrences
stricter                      1 occurrences
comparisons                   1 occurrences
sized                         1 occurrences
rightreuters                  1 occurrences
statesmanship                 1 occurrences
rebranded                     1 occurrences
bigcity                       1 occurrences
sorrow                        1 occurrences
vandalize                     1 occurrences
predicated                    1 occurrences
desperationradio              1 occurrences
investors                     1 occurrences
campaigndemocrats             1 occurrences
mondayread                    1 occurrences
preeminence                   1 occurrences
callerreason                  1 occurrences
todayif                       1 occurrences
magareuters                   1 occurrences
aicp                          1 occurrences
embedded                      1 occurrences
parks                         1 occurrences
dioxide                       1 occurrences
deliberation                  1 occurrences
downplaying                   1 occurrences
sexuallysuggestive            1 occurrences
bike                          1 occurrences
payout                        1 occurrences
revert                        1 occurrences
scalemy                       1 occurrences
managers                      1 occurrences
minemy                        1 occurrences
packaged                      1 occurrences
lawyering                     1 occurrences
dollar                        1 occurrences
againgleaming                 1 occurrences
mediating                     1 occurrences
silenced                      1 occurrences
fundingbut                    1 occurrences
stretching                    1 occurrences
competitionour                1 occurrences
donaldjtrumpcommassive        1 occurrences
squeezed                      1 occurrences
packages                      1 occurrences
statementunfortunately        1 occurrences
soundbites                    1 occurrences
surprisingly                  1 occurrences
eerie                         1 occurrences
containers                    1 occurrences
retract                       1 occurrences
muster                        1 occurrences
timemost                      1 occurrences
houseirving                   1 occurrences
bilk                          1 occurrences
strengthens                   1 occurrences
varied                        1 occurrences
hammill                       1 occurrences
decree                        1 occurrences
encrusted                     1 occurrences
unityonce                     1 occurrences
nationwe                      1 occurrences
actionpyongyang               1 occurrences
varies                        1 occurrences
uncaring                      1 occurrences
clues                         1 occurrences
knack                         1 occurrences
henrique                      1 occurrences
trains                        1 occurrences
missilesthe                   1 occurrences
solar                         1 occurrences
timothy                       1 occurrences
humanityauthority             1 occurrences
cramer                        1 occurrences
rommel                        1 occurrences
biz                           1 occurrences
widely                        1 occurrences
carto                         1 occurrences
newswe                        1 occurrences
surreal                       1 occurrences
fridayfeeling                 1 occurrences
languagewhen                  1 occurrences
bells                         1 occurrences
countriesas                   1 occurrences
bind                          1 occurrences
mannertwo                     1 occurrences
wouldin                       1 occurrences
belly                         1 occurrences
finebaum                      1 occurrences
applaudingjohn                1 occurrences
tatters                       1 occurrences
measuresaccording             1 occurrences
insuranceread                 1 occurrences
delicious                     1 occurrences
sacrificial                   1 occurrences
hoursthe                      1 occurrences
talljumping                   1 occurrences
refought                      1 occurrences
heightened                    1 occurrences
nuclearenergy                 1 occurrences
contactsbut                   1 occurrences
poised                        1 occurrences
posesta                       1 occurrences
meticulous                    1 occurrences
bluecollar                    1 occurrences
cowcalling                    1 occurrences
concussion                    1 occurrences
lambasted                     1 occurrences
closeness                     1 occurrences
loudly                        1 occurrences
menacing                      1 occurrences
consists                      1 occurrences
pacifist                      1 occurrences
jewel                         1 occurrences
endowed                       1 occurrences
gunearnest                    1 occurrences
julythe                       1 occurrences
uneasy                        1 occurrences
quarters                      1 occurrences
reporta                       1 occurrences
mexicans                      1 occurrences
anguish                       1 occurrences
countryhungary                1 occurrences
analyzed                      1 occurrences
rap                           1 occurrences
materialsthe                  1 occurrences
rao                           1 occurrences
flagsthe                      1 occurrences
hampering                     1 occurrences
dojandrew                     1 occurrences
undermines                    1 occurrences
relevantdnc                   1 occurrences
stealth                       1 occurrences
rak                           1 occurrences
fakenews                      1 occurrences
hindus                        1 occurrences
quoting                       1 occurrences
regional                      1 occurrences
princeton                     1 occurrences
passively                     1 occurrences
sincerelykathryn              1 occurrences
dacathough                    1 occurrences
locksin                       1 occurrences
refining                      1 occurrences
incursion                     1 occurrences
tapes                         1 occurrences
prioritycnn                   1 occurrences
reread                        1 occurrences
cleveleand                    1 occurrences
robbers                       1 occurrences
fasttracking                  1 occurrences
deliberative                  1 occurrences
scrutinythe                   1 occurrences
municipal                     1 occurrences
divulge                       1 occurrences
rainstormnot                  1 occurrences
edris                         1 occurrences
confessed                     1 occurrences
waved                         1 occurrences
soviets                       1 occurrences
bite                          1 occurrences
kumbaya                       1 occurrences
foundhe                       1 occurrences
lackland                      1 occurrences
advertising                   1 occurrences
generalthe                    1 occurrences
antimigration                 1 occurrences
cincinnati                    1 occurrences
nsabased                      1 occurrences
subsequent                    1 occurrences
raf                           1 occurrences
dominique                     1 occurrences
belowpower                    1 occurrences
movies                        1 occurrences
aprilmay                      1 occurrences
benefitsq                     1 occurrences
altusnatparkservice           1 occurrences
palestine                     1 occurrences
raw                           1 occurrences
render                        1 occurrences
associationbut                1 occurrences
statementat                   1 occurrences
securitycontrolled            1 occurrences
informantsource               1 occurrences
rez                           1 occurrences
gentleman                     1 occurrences
juicing                       1 occurrences
thirdparty                    1 occurrences
countriesif                   1 occurrences
sleepthis                     1 occurrences
tweaking                      1 occurrences
templeton                     1 occurrences
agencydiplomatic              1 occurrences
naturalized                   1 occurrences
sideways                      1 occurrences
anticollege                   1 occurrences
abuses                        1 occurrences
atfthe                        1 occurrences
unicorns                      1 occurrences
sellout                       1 occurrences
compensate                    1 occurrences
applaudsthe                   1 occurrences
hourly                        1 occurrences
losestrump                    1 occurrences
parry                         1 occurrences
countyhighest                 1 occurrences
mcsally                       1 occurrences
cannibalismpresident          1 occurrences
captain                       1 occurrences
rightsthe                     1 occurrences
hedgebreaking                 1 occurrences
laugh                         1 occurrences
organizer                     1 occurrences
rosario                       1 occurrences
citizensdirector              1 occurrences
tires                         1 occurrences
himthe                        1 occurrences
footing                       1 occurrences
promonument                   1 occurrences
signaled                      1 occurrences
reputationthank               1 occurrences
spotify                       1 occurrences
editorinchief                 1 occurrences
retailer                      1 occurrences
transactionsthe               1 occurrences
projections                   1 occurrences
overhead                      1 occurrences
influencepeddling             1 occurrences
specializes                   1 occurrences
effortsthe                    1 occurrences
funder                        1 occurrences
januaryapril                  1 occurrences
vacuum                        1 occurrences
rightspower                   1 occurrences
rag                           1 occurrences
investigationvia              1 occurrences
statesread                    1 occurrences
betraying                     1 occurrences
anguished                     1 occurrences
menendeztrial                 1 occurrences
blurred                       1 occurrences
contextmohebi                 1 occurrences
incidentunited                1 occurrences
elsewherei                    1 occurrences
salvadorbrentwood             1 occurrences
isissaudi                     1 occurrences
leftleaning                   1 occurrences
badlands                      1 occurrences
disgraced                     1 occurrences
bus                           1 occurrences
torture                       1 occurrences
superman                      1 occurrences
scientist                     1 occurrences
educated                      1 occurrences
twoaxios                      1 occurrences
predicting                    1 occurrences
inadvertently                 1 occurrences
wrongfully                    1 occurrences
melissa                       1 occurrences
legislating                   1 occurrences
appease                       1 occurrences
combating                     1 occurrences
dutythe                       1 occurrences
crosscountry                  1 occurrences
utopia                        1 occurrences
outdated                      1 occurrences
cartel                        1 occurrences
regionit                      1 occurrences
supporteroctober              1 occurrences
curricula                     1 occurrences
georgia                       1 occurrences
gougingread                   1 occurrences
complaints                    1 occurrences
escaping                      1 occurrences
perceptions                   1 occurrences
lastditch                     1 occurrences
gauged                        1 occurrences
messageat                     1 occurrences
ninemember                    1 occurrences
returnsmany                   1 occurrences
bowhunt                       1 occurrences
validated                     1 occurrences
kanwar                        1 occurrences
yemenlower                    1 occurrences
pointsen                      1 occurrences
videosa                       1 occurrences
islamcentric                  1 occurrences
substance                     1 occurrences
congressjamal                 1 occurrences
firstin                       1 occurrences
heidi                         1 occurrences
booed                         1 occurrences
electionbefore                1 occurrences
coststhe                      1 occurrences
nickname                      1 occurrences
preferences                   1 occurrences
buzzwords                     1 occurrences
nonvictim                     1 occurrences
amusingas                     1 occurrences
draining                      1 occurrences
georgiathe                    1 occurrences
packet                        1 occurrences
godin                         1 occurrences
integrate                     1 occurrences
landscaping                   1 occurrences
alonethere                    1 occurrences
conveyed                      1 occurrences
bruising                      1 occurrences
numbering                     1 occurrences
striving                      1 occurrences
dispels                       1 occurrences
rme                           1 occurrences
shaunna                       1 occurrences
bye                           1 occurrences
ineffectiveread               1 occurrences
anticipation                  1 occurrences
modified                      1 occurrences
issuesabedini                 1 occurrences
centennial                    1 occurrences
questioner                    1 occurrences
hospitalthis                  1 occurrences
usled                         1 occurrences
impartially                   1 occurrences
coincidences                  1 occurrences
terrifying                    1 occurrences
ria                           1 occurrences
ending                        1 occurrences
gaddafi                       1 occurrences
issuesputin                   1 occurrences
crosshairs                    1 occurrences
vinson                        1 occurrences
normalizing                   1 occurrences
joking                        1 occurrences
travelers                     1 occurrences
impoverished                  1 occurrences
manhandled                    1 occurrences
croquet                       1 occurrences
hovering                      1 occurrences
leftwingers                   1 occurrences
oneliner                      1 occurrences
nonlaw                        1 occurrences
lauds                         1 occurrences
intelligencebut               1 occurrences
firstgrader                   1 occurrences
scotched                      1 occurrences
instrumental                  1 occurrences
flores                        1 occurrences
unrestrained                  1 occurrences
professors                    1 occurrences
fundamentalism                1 occurrences
milliondollar                 1 occurrences
utterly                       1 occurrences
imprison                      1 occurrences
pointsif                      1 occurrences
antilgbt                      1 occurrences
harrislapd                    1 occurrences
johnkasich                    1 occurrences
roy                           1 occurrences
linkjfk                       1 occurrences
camouflage                    1 occurrences
relegated                     1 occurrences
financiallybackground         1 occurrences
sikhs                         1 occurrences
mounted                       1 occurrences
thenongoing                   1 occurrences
resignour                     1 occurrences
fundamentalist                1 occurrences
regions                       1 occurrences
succeeded                     1 occurrences
titled                        1 occurrences
roe                           1 occurrences
begging                       1 occurrences
slashedprotestors             1 occurrences
daughters                     1 occurrences
ledger                        1 occurrences
airstrikes                    1 occurrences
athena                        1 occurrences
shallow                       1 occurrences
exspybefore                   1 occurrences
scotttaylorva                 1 occurrences
knowif                        1 occurrences
pasco                         1 occurrences
roadways                      1 occurrences
intelligencerelated           1 occurrences
drivers                       1 occurrences
repeat                        1 occurrences
donating                      1 occurrences
greet                         1 occurrences
chronic                       1 occurrences
exporting                     1 occurrences
brains                        1 occurrences
selfpromotional               1 occurrences
burnstuff                     1 occurrences
books                         1 occurrences
minorsspecifically            1 occurrences
sundaymeteorologists          1 occurrences
abdulahi                      1 occurrences
leninb                        1 occurrences
affidavit                     1 occurrences
bashfest                      1 occurrences
partnervia                    1 occurrences
leninc                        1 occurrences
undercovertwo                 1 occurrences
mistress                      1 occurrences
monstrous                     1 occurrences
experiments                   1 occurrences
turmoil                       1 occurrences
torturing                     1 occurrences
apologized                    1 occurrences
seattlebased                  1 occurrences
buchanan                      1 occurrences
unsuccessful                  1 occurrences
crisissoros                   1 occurrences
escalatedjust                 1 occurrences
panicking                     1 occurrences
activitiesinvestigators       1 occurrences
arefbi                        1 occurrences
familiespolice                1 occurrences
lifeit                        1 occurrences
cab                           1 occurrences
doorsthis                     1 occurrences
biplanesfootage               1 occurrences
usdepartment                  1 occurrences
colleges                      1 occurrences
ryanpelosi                    1 occurrences
resume                        1 occurrences
nursery                       1 occurrences
solidarity                    1 occurrences
sacrificing                   1 occurrences
listeners                     1 occurrences
cheeks                        1 occurrences
commentsthis                  1 occurrences
rouge                         1 occurrences
blunders                      1 occurrences
rashid                        1 occurrences
compromisedthink              1 occurrences
todaydespite                  1 occurrences
feature                       1 occurrences
ryabkov                       1 occurrences
czar                          1 occurrences
leverage                      1 occurrences
footprint                     1 occurrences
turnamerica                   1 occurrences
competent                     1 occurrences
councilthe                    1 occurrences
everythingchange              1 occurrences
hardships                     1 occurrences
downhttpstcopwncweoyzx        1 occurrences
reflexively                   1 occurrences
rva                           1 occurrences
slightly                      1 occurrences
nameat                        1 occurrences
tyranny                       1 occurrences
predecessorfor                1 occurrences
anythingthat                  1 occurrences
deservewhen                   1 occurrences
championall                   1 occurrences
cci                           1 occurrences
lovely                        1 occurrences
peoplejust                    1 occurrences
americanswe                   1 occurrences
flagwe                        1 occurrences
artist                        1 occurrences
hadothers                     1 occurrences
activitythe                   1 occurrences
hardworking                   1 occurrences
californiaberkeley            1 occurrences
himtwo                        1 occurrences
apprehend                     1 occurrences
knowns                        1 occurrences
impanel                       1 occurrences
hammering                     1 occurrences
sanctionsa                    1 occurrences
expensesinglepayer            1 occurrences
shrouded                      1 occurrences
policiesstudies               1 occurrences
wherever                      1 occurrences
kidnapped                     1 occurrences
rhetorical                    1 occurrences
admissionsryan                1 occurrences
expressiongov                 1 occurrences
musicians                     1 occurrences
rwv                           1 occurrences
adult                         1 occurrences
pluralsight                   1 occurrences
sunshine                      1 occurrences
obamarussia                   1 occurrences
attractive                    1 occurrences
assigning                     1 occurrences
prosecutorshopping            1 occurrences
jfkfiles                      1 occurrences
wampler                       1 occurrences
standalone                    1 occurrences
woes                          1 occurrences
lawbreaking                   1 occurrences
compile                       1 occurrences
departmentfarrell             1 occurrences
foothills                     1 occurrences
politicsin                    1 occurrences
democraciesin                 1 occurrences
metals                        1 occurrences
bankruptcyread                1 occurrences
glassy                        1 occurrences
comprised                     1 occurrences
yielding                      1 occurrences
inhabitantcomey               1 occurrences
marginalised                  1 occurrences
paymentread                   1 occurrences
furiousthe                    1 occurrences
otherthe                      1 occurrences
youa                          1 occurrences
diametrically                 1 occurrences
comprises                     1 occurrences
heirs                         1 occurrences
notredame                     1 occurrences
reorganization                1 occurrences
corcoran                      1 occurrences
gorsuchsenator                1 occurrences
fleming                       1 occurrences
thatryan                      1 occurrences
hedged                        1 occurrences
newsmaxcom                    1 occurrences
mediaitefbi                   1 occurrences
recant                        1 occurrences
relevantmr                    1 occurrences
commissionershe               1 occurrences
fallout                       1 occurrences
casein                        1 occurrences
scandalat                     1 occurrences
asserts                       1 occurrences
billerica                     1 occurrences
nomineesjustice               1 occurrences
deficient                     1 occurrences
edtthe                        1 occurrences
attendant                     1 occurrences
mattersaccording              1 occurrences
caseit                        1 occurrences
che                           1 occurrences
panicked                      1 occurrences
booth                         1 occurrences
bursts                        1 occurrences
detonatedyou                  1 occurrences
viewpointbased                1 occurrences
greim                         1 occurrences
emailif                       1 occurrences
espousing                     1 occurrences
boots                         1 occurrences
heresunstein                  1 occurrences
grenada                       1 occurrences
fourmonth                     1 occurrences
firstout                      1 occurrences
perpetuitywatch               1 occurrences
saidvia                       1 occurrences
ultrarightwing                1 occurrences
thudwith                      1 occurrences
slashing                      1 occurrences
cheers                        1 occurrences
peacefully                    1 occurrences
donna                         1 occurrences
ohioread                      1 occurrences
circumventing                 1 occurrences
presidencybut                 1 occurrences
serversthe                    1 occurrences
blackberry                    1 occurrences
timeless                      1 occurrences
contributing                  1 occurrences
turtle                        1 occurrences
evacuation                    1 occurrences
statistical                   1 occurrences
sunni                         1 occurrences
lifers                        1 occurrences
butter                        1 occurrences
canceling                     1 occurrences
statedreallyread              1 occurrences
cit                           1 occurrences
lawyermichael                 1 occurrences
corruptly                     1 occurrences
illusory                      1 occurrences
inaction                      1 occurrences
flattery                      1 occurrences
dividing                      1 occurrences
decrease                      1 occurrences
hummm                         1 occurrences
sunny                         1 occurrences
detainment                    1 occurrences
casts                         1 occurrences
salvage                       1 occurrences
coalfired                     1 occurrences
monthzhirinovsky              1 occurrences
astana                        1 occurrences
manifesto                     1 occurrences
authenticated                 1 occurrences
powered                       1 occurrences
tips                          1 occurrences
informationwhat               1 occurrences
bid                           1 occurrences
predecessors                  1 occurrences
alertpaul                     1 occurrences
oversightread                 1 occurrences
bfmtv                         1 occurrences
accountsin                    1 occurrences
pdathe                        1 occurrences
relaunched                    1 occurrences
samaritan                     1 occurrences
elijah                        1 occurrences
eve                           1 occurrences
officialalarm                 1 occurrences
senatorone                    1 occurrences
requestshowever               1 occurrences
aol                           1 occurrences
illegallyon                   1 occurrences
outsider                      1 occurrences
outhouse                      1 occurrences
timecomey                     1 occurrences
metaphor                      1 occurrences
takedown                      1 occurrences
offread                       1 occurrences
disparities                   1 occurrences
wfbour                        1 occurrences
prized                        1 occurrences
thenfbi                       1 occurrences
breakdown                     1 occurrences
trumppence                    1 occurrences
situationpolice               1 occurrences
straightforward               1 occurrences
doubled                       1 occurrences
blocs                         1 occurrences
halfdozen                     1 occurrences
aliensat                      1 occurrences
timesas                       1 occurrences
disrepairwe                   1 occurrences
researching                   1 occurrences
businessthe                   1 occurrences
wagon                         1 occurrences
eclipse                       1 occurrences
antifascist                   1 occurrences
cadem                         1 occurrences
instigating                   1 occurrences
killedit                      1 occurrences
cns                           1 occurrences
mistrust                      1 occurrences
laughter                      1 occurrences
regionthe                     1 occurrences
shoots                        1 occurrences
handout                       1 occurrences
onepage                       1 occurrences
allison                       1 occurrences
largesize                     1 occurrences
abbott                        1 occurrences
wood                          1 occurrences
islamthis                     1 occurrences
workingq                      1 occurrences
conquering                    1 occurrences
col                           1 occurrences
perspective                   1 occurrences
votingplease                  1 occurrences
latestnew                     1 occurrences
yumyum                        1 occurrences
serverthe                     1 occurrences
sbu                           1 occurrences
mccabeothers                  1 occurrences
testand                       1 occurrences
assistanceplease              1 occurrences
dramatic                      1 occurrences
nicholas                      1 occurrences
cruzthe                       1 occurrences
boasts                        1 occurrences
guatemala                     1 occurrences
prosecuting                   1 occurrences
conservativesounding          1 occurrences
administrationyes             1 occurrences
saideric                      1 occurrences
presidentaerial               1 occurrences
recurves                      1 occurrences
organisations                 1 occurrences
selfpreservation              1 occurrences
excludedthe                   1 occurrences
indiakirby                    1 occurrences
officialsthey                 1 occurrences
cox                           1 occurrences
confidently                   1 occurrences
incompatible                  1 occurrences
treasurywith                  1 occurrences
privatesoon                   1 occurrences
oregonian                     1 occurrences
passive                       1 occurrences
sas                           1 occurrences
syriastarting                 1 occurrences
nutjob                        1 occurrences
openworksbmore                1 occurrences
helpradio                     1 occurrences
codenamed                     1 occurrences
uncoveredspokesmen            1 occurrences
wore                          1 occurrences
richthe                       1 occurrences
negativethere                 1 occurrences
batpresident                  1 occurrences
boxing                        1 occurrences
sporting                      1 occurrences
branches                      1 occurrences
vacated                       1 occurrences
pornography                   1 occurrences
conferenceread                1 occurrences
andypuzder                    1 occurrences
shameless                     1 occurrences
banknotes                     1 occurrences
endangering                   1 occurrences
incarceration                 1 occurrences
communistcuba                 1 occurrences
pastours                      1 occurrences
failurejust                   1 occurrences
colleaguesborder              1 occurrences
warnings                      1 occurrences
farbstein                     1 occurrences
showboat                      1 occurrences
kittle                        1 occurrences
taxationin                    1 occurrences
wedding                       1 occurrences
disgrace                      1 occurrences
ringleader                    1 occurrences
returnedconn                  1 occurrences
uganda                        1 occurrences
dossiernunes                  1 occurrences
unison                        1 occurrences
churn                         1 occurrences
worn                          1 occurrences
factsan                       1 occurrences
petty                         1 occurrences
timesif                       1 occurrences
ambitionsthe                  1 occurrences
peoplenew                     1 occurrences
alaina                        1 occurrences
livethe                       1 occurrences
competitors                   1 occurrences
brantley                      1 occurrences
marble                        1 occurrences
earhardt                      1 occurrences
shy                           1 occurrences
checkvargas                   1 occurrences
commies                       1 occurrences
registrationa                 1 occurrences
sia                           1 occurrences
classmates                    1 occurrences
drops                         1 occurrences
clintonclinton                1 occurrences
pragmatic                     1 occurrences
vigorously                    1 occurrences
thirdlargest                  1 occurrences
strife                        1 occurrences
razzed                        1 occurrences
lawlessnesscheck              1 occurrences
learnedthree                  1 occurrences
giftwrapped                   1 occurrences
disturbed                     1 occurrences
costfree                      1 occurrences
adamhousleys                  1 occurrences
gendai                        1 occurrences
sjc                           1 occurrences
coherent                      1 occurrences
holly                         1 occurrences
prospective                   1 occurrences
earners                       1 occurrences
networksin                    1 occurrences
denounced                     1 occurrences
unequaled                     1 occurrences
finallypresident              1 occurrences
johnburton                    1 occurrences
berniegood                    1 occurrences
applauseall                   1 occurrences
brothersinarmswhen            1 occurrences
muslimonly                    1 occurrences
emotions                      1 occurrences
expertsone                    1 occurrences
honorable                     1 occurrences
bankrolling                   1 occurrences
holstein                      1 occurrences
exemptionread                 1 occurrences
ski                           1 occurrences
subjecting                    1 occurrences
yearsanders                   1 occurrences
wallthe                       1 occurrences
talksthe                      1 occurrences
overwe                        1 occurrences
articulate                    1 occurrences
pointblank                    1 occurrences
overdrive                     1 occurrences
effortmr                      1 occurrences
comeyhearing                  1 occurrences
followingall                  1 occurrences
affirmation                   1 occurrences
gregory                       1 occurrences
sorted                        1 occurrences
gunyou                        1 occurrences
pensacola                     1 occurrences
brutalize                     1 occurrences
bypass                        1 occurrences
exwife                        1 occurrences
airporta                      1 occurrences
agreeing                      1 occurrences
graciousness                  1 occurrences
tylerbridges                  1 occurrences
ninepoint                     1 occurrences
committeepuzder               1 occurrences
decimate                      1 occurrences
placeplease                   1 occurrences
wrongly                       1 occurrences
upperincome                   1 occurrences
sayssteele                    1 occurrences
airports                      1 occurrences
likeness                      1 occurrences
thoroughread                  1 occurrences
tock                          1 occurrences
decisionmayor                 1 occurrences
mcclintock                    1 occurrences
repdesantis                   1 occurrences
imprisoning                   1 occurrences
clarke                        1 occurrences
bottomthe                     1 occurrences
wrotestone                    1 occurrences
disclosednew                  1 occurrences
tenney                        1 occurrences
mcmasterthe                   1 occurrences
massively                     1 occurrences
investmentsfact               1 occurrences
bowing                        1 occurrences
professionalclass             1 occurrences
wowwho                        1 occurrences
homemade                      1 occurrences
supportera                    1 occurrences
bravery                       1 occurrences
trumppolice                   1 occurrences
thermonuclear                 1 occurrences
scenepolice                   1 occurrences
captures                      1 occurrences
followingany                  1 occurrences
boardsread                    1 occurrences
scrambling                    1 occurrences
scandalthe                    1 occurrences
seemingly                     1 occurrences
helmets                       1 occurrences
misdiagnose                   1 occurrences
drove                         1 occurrences
chairmen                      1 occurrences
programchild                  1 occurrences
lawrence                      1 occurrences
stateswhy                     1 occurrences
unshakeable                   1 occurrences
firedthree                    1 occurrences
epithets                      1 occurrences
profanityfilled               1 occurrences
showdown                      1 occurrences
antieuropean                  1 occurrences
reasonin                      1 occurrences
namethe                       1 occurrences
smokinggun                    1 occurrences
trumprally                    1 occurrences
mindthe                       1 occurrences
cadre                         1 occurrences
theftit                       1 occurrences
gentlest                      1 occurrences
flexibilities                 1 occurrences
drown                         1 occurrences
legislationthe                1 occurrences
nutritious                    1 occurrences
seenpolice                    1 occurrences
dictate                       1 occurrences
sundayasked                   1 occurrences
forfeiting                    1 occurrences
films                         1 occurrences
resuscitate                   1 occurrences
weaponsuntil                  1 occurrences
wellvia                       1 occurrences
tanning                       1 occurrences
vengeful                      1 occurrences
polarized                     1 occurrences
independents                  1 occurrences
shootingrep                   1 occurrences
personallyformer              1 occurrences
connecting                    1 occurrences
nationyoung                   1 occurrences
strausskhanthe                1 occurrences
saidearly                     1 occurrences
whitecollar                   1 occurrences
collegegrads                  1 occurrences
mossville                     1 occurrences
timeswow                      1 occurrences
academies                     1 occurrences
escort                        1 occurrences
supplying                     1 occurrences
borderlast                    1 occurrences
paramedics                    1 occurrences
resonate                      1 occurrences
congregating                  1 occurrences
tennis                        1 occurrences
layoffsat                     1 occurrences
oppenheimer                   1 occurrences
automatically                 1 occurrences
touted                        1 occurrences
themvideo                     1 occurrences
doocy                         1 occurrences
illustrate                    1 occurrences
capitals                      1 occurrences
visasanother                  1 occurrences
hiressince                    1 occurrences
contractual                   1 occurrences
establish                     1 occurrences
journalism                    1 occurrences
proceed                       1 occurrences
cognitively                   1 occurrences
cautions                      1 occurrences
planliberal                   1 occurrences
aforementioned                1 occurrences
jobhow                        1 occurrences
fanfare                       1 occurrences
fringe                        1 occurrences
flaw                          1 occurrences
heinous                       1 occurrences
terse                         1 occurrences
starripple                    1 occurrences
circain                       1 occurrences
patel                         1 occurrences
vows                          1 occurrences
politiciansi                  1 occurrences
hurling                       1 occurrences
mandateaccording              1 occurrences
pielemeier                    1 occurrences
freeloading                   1 occurrences
cooled                        1 occurrences
ibtimes                       1 occurrences
roommate                      1 occurrences
gaining                       1 occurrences
aping                         1 occurrences
successstrong                 1 occurrences
scotsman                      1 occurrences
harmless                      1 occurrences
dam                           1 occurrences
visasdespite                  1 occurrences
callerthe                     1 occurrences
steyerin                      1 occurrences
blown                         1 occurrences
relying                       1 occurrences
admiring                      1 occurrences
sixfoottall                   1 occurrences
das                           1 occurrences
abuzz                         1 occurrences
proponent                     1 occurrences
jabari                        1 occurrences
posthumous                    1 occurrences
horses                        1 occurrences
bonkers                       1 occurrences
coincidental                  1 occurrences
rubiopresidentelect           1 occurrences
fencecrowd                    1 occurrences
flipped                       1 occurrences
elector                       1 occurrences
launching                     1 occurrences
hoodapril                     1 occurrences
restrained                    1 occurrences
someday                       1 occurrences
dcf                           1 occurrences
flea                          1 occurrences
hayer                         1 occurrences
italianamerican               1 occurrences
compartmentalized             1 occurrences
trumpaudio                    1 occurrences
votefollowing                 1 occurrences
highdeductible                1 occurrences
completedthe                  1 occurrences
timethis                      1 occurrences
behindas                      1 occurrences
autocrat                      1 occurrences
nypwho                        1 occurrences
superdome                     1 occurrences
showthrough                   1 occurrences
cleaner                       1 occurrences
linesthe                      1 occurrences
intact                        1 occurrences
morally                       1 occurrences
sunsteinsunstein              1 occurrences
toll                          1 occurrences
mickens                       1 occurrences
excessive                     1 occurrences
uninvited                     1 occurrences
defenseour                    1 occurrences
crusty                        1 occurrences
irreparable                   1 occurrences
accordgoodbye                 1 occurrences
supply                        1 occurrences
publicread                    1 occurrences
astronomer                    1 occurrences
improves                      1 occurrences
conflated                     1 occurrences
participant                   1 occurrences
limiteduse                    1 occurrences
conglomeration                1 occurrences
giants                        1 occurrences
firedmccabe                   1 occurrences
stabilizing                   1 occurrences
coulter                       1 occurrences
revenues                      1 occurrences
apologetically                1 occurrences
brazil                        1 occurrences
psychiatric                   1 occurrences
impinging                     1 occurrences
policing                      1 occurrences
batterythe                    1 occurrences
wandered                      1 occurrences
intrude                       1 occurrences
cautious                      1 occurrences
reasonsthese                  1 occurrences
nauru                         1 occurrences
glow                          1 occurrences
intake                        1 occurrences
beauregard                    1 occurrences
speier                        1 occurrences
mortgages                     1 occurrences
locatedthe                    1 occurrences
emirates                      1 occurrences
twitterwdrb                   1 occurrences
glean                         1 occurrences
issuein                       1 occurrences
covertly                      1 occurrences
unambiguous                   1 occurrences
backthis                      1 occurrences
againfriends                  1 occurrences
hidden                        1 occurrences
iranbetween                   1 occurrences
airconditioning               1 occurrences
wharton                       1 occurrences
mypillow                      1 occurrences
onesbut                       1 occurrences
pictwittercomviqnqlhdjc       1 occurrences
agendasource                  1 occurrences
bremerhaven                   1 occurrences
croatians                     1 occurrences
monica                        1 occurrences
campaignhttpswwwyoutubecomwatchvoiakbhizggwhow1 occurrences
informing                     1 occurrences
dhr                           1 occurrences
stationhere                   1 occurrences
unemployed                    1 occurrences
imad                          1 occurrences
scrutinyfox                   1 occurrences
terrorfunding                 1 occurrences
curing                        1 occurrences
amplifying                    1 occurrences
dim                           1 occurrences
underground                   1 occurrences
noticias                      1 occurrences
stripes                       1 occurrences
forwarded                     1 occurrences
rock                          1 occurrences
governmentdenise              1 occurrences
systeman                      1 occurrences
diy                           1 occurrences
unites                        1 occurrences
provocation                   1 occurrences
blasioduring                  1 occurrences
devotees                      1 occurrences
experienceby                  1 occurrences
cuevas                        1 occurrences
aliensmost                    1 occurrences
torn                          1 occurrences
zaki                          1 occurrences
washingtonread                1 occurrences
seeher                        1 occurrences
kindest                       1 occurrences
preserving                    1 occurrences
racismthe                     1 occurrences
procedurepatdown              1 occurrences
statementgood                 1 occurrences
drummed                       1 occurrences
usbased                       1 occurrences
lowerwage                     1 occurrences
suppressed                    1 occurrences
graduatesthe                  1 occurrences
precursor                     1 occurrences
treestands                    1 occurrences
graduatesread                 1 occurrences
waterbury                     1 occurrences
innercity                     1 occurrences
spokesmen                     1 occurrences
weeksthough                   1 occurrences
guevara                       1 occurrences
morethese                     1 occurrences
elex                          1 occurrences
viable                        1 occurrences
disposal                      1 occurrences
triggered                     1 occurrences
holdingsveselnitskaya         1 occurrences
flynnthe                      1 occurrences
goodwhat                      1 occurrences
thrust                        1 occurrences
insisting                     1 occurrences
periodically                  1 occurrences
masquerading                  1 occurrences
transitions                   1 occurrences
congratulations               1 occurrences
doubts                        1 occurrences
installment                   1 occurrences
kucinich                      1 occurrences
pardons                       1 occurrences
envoy                         1 occurrences
statesher                     1 occurrences
tour                          1 occurrences
willow                        1 occurrences
themmeals                     1 occurrences
controla                      1 occurrences
antibiotics                   1 occurrences
troubleread                   1 occurrences
dusty                         1 occurrences
sons                          1 occurrences
meaningful                    1 occurrences
sidewalka                     1 occurrences
powersthatbe                  1 occurrences
cans                          1 occurrences
facebookjssdkdnc              1 occurrences
akin                          1 occurrences
elephant                      1 occurrences
kinder                        1 occurrences
swapped                       1 occurrences
allegea                       1 occurrences
advertisement                 1 occurrences
controlsboth                  1 occurrences
tan                           1 occurrences
approachfor                   1 occurrences
topics                        1 occurrences
dislocation                   1 occurrences
burrows                       1 occurrences
daypresident                  1 occurrences
communitybased                1 occurrences
dmn                           1 occurrences
policyin                      1 occurrences
doorq                         1 occurrences
dna                           1 occurrences
rollwhile                     1 occurrences
dnd                           1 occurrences
enclave                       1 occurrences
meester                       1 occurrences
krauthammer                   1 occurrences
ticketed                      1 occurrences
crybabyi                      1 occurrences
function                      1 occurrences
dny                           1 occurrences
polygraph                     1 occurrences
dmd                           1 occurrences
cashtallat                    1 occurrences
raul                          1 occurrences
sparking                      1 occurrences
blackmailsooo                 1 occurrences
agenciesthe                   1 occurrences
videoshe                      1 occurrences
rightfraudnewscnn             1 occurrences
titan                         1 occurrences
themfast                      1 occurrences
detrimental                   1 occurrences
monarca                       1 occurrences
guybreaking                   1 occurrences
dox                           1 occurrences
electionthere                 1 occurrences
filmed                        1 occurrences
abcworldnews                  1 occurrences
patty                         1 occurrences
cries                         1 occurrences
twoday                        1 occurrences
payouts                       1 occurrences
floating                      1 occurrences
manus                         1 occurrences
saidnews                      1 occurrences
spreadsheet                   1 occurrences
financingin                   1 occurrences
respectable                   1 occurrences
importuned                    1 occurrences
doflying                      1 occurrences
viktor                        1 occurrences
characterize                  1 occurrences
planners                      1 occurrences
brotherhoodaffiliated         1 occurrences
implicate                     1 occurrences
sherman                       1 occurrences
hawaiithe                     1 occurrences
crybabies                     1 occurrences
brennanagain                  1 occurrences
refunded                      1 occurrences
tet                           1 occurrences
prospect                      1 occurrences
workethic                     1 occurrences
passport                      1 occurrences
pausing                       1 occurrences
generalvia                    1 occurrences
hunts                         1 occurrences
hunta                         1 occurrences
aligned                       1 occurrences
unserious                     1 occurrences
interagency                   1 occurrences
pigmentation                  1 occurrences
rivers                        1 occurrences
capitolunder                  1 occurrences
narcoterror                   1 occurrences
masses                        1 occurrences
tickled                       1 occurrences
mentioning                    1 occurrences
noise                         1 occurrences
crutch                        1 occurrences
mothercker                    1 occurrences
moran                         1 occurrences
benefitsaccording             1 occurrences
citizenssource                1 occurrences
illegalsection                1 occurrences
dry                           1 occurrences
fattah                        1 occurrences
nelson                        1 occurrences
lievia                        1 occurrences
spreethe                      1 occurrences
pictwittercomvolqhbkspy       1 occurrences
tamperingburied               1 occurrences
createdbut                    1 occurrences
introducedon                  1 occurrences
cowering                      1 occurrences
opinionhere                   1 occurrences
wiselynato                    1 occurrences
clintonscheck                 1 occurrences
easti                         1 occurrences
foolish                       1 occurrences
votebut                       1 occurrences
nosetonose                    1 occurrences
warhowever                    1 occurrences
roof                          1 occurrences
dts                           1 occurrences
nancyann                      1 occurrences
dtx                           1 occurrences
safetyjulian                  1 occurrences
classifier                    1 occurrences
dependence                    1 occurrences
fearthis                      1 occurrences
warcalls                      1 occurrences
generalnatalia                1 occurrences
organizationvia               1 occurrences
simpler                       1 occurrences
geithnerthe                   1 occurrences
revelers                      1 occurrences
gitmo                         1 occurrences
kindergarden                  1 occurrences
doozy                         1 occurrences
encryptedthe                  1 occurrences
pelting                       1 occurrences
lawin                         1 occurrences
dependency                    1 occurrences
dva                           1 occurrences
blurted                       1 occurrences
testfire                      1 occurrences
tin                           1 occurrences
habich                        1 occurrences
saidkennedy                   1 occurrences
sonny                         1 occurrences
institutes                    1 occurrences
terminationmy                 1 occurrences
wrotethey                     1 occurrences
familyrun                     1 occurrences
lifelong                      1 occurrences
thorough                      1 occurrences
blowing                       1 occurrences
resilient                     1 occurrences
doorsalarm                    1 occurrences
wade                          1 occurrences
keane                         1 occurrences
firedwhile                    1 occurrences
indirectlythe                 1 occurrences
degrasse                      1 occurrences
officialkramer                1 occurrences
areunder                      1 occurrences
reuterswilliam                1 occurrences
dws                           1 occurrences
buildingrichman               1 occurrences
orthodontist                  1 occurrences
nukes                         1 occurrences
comeyfiring                   1 occurrences
pikermost                     1 occurrences
maitelsadany                  1 occurrences
trending                      1 occurrences
institutionalized             1 occurrences
testament                     1 occurrences
hannitytoensing               1 occurrences
trolling                      1 occurrences
backpakistaniborn             1 occurrences
cumulative                    1 occurrences
fervent                       1 occurrences
invariably                    1 occurrences
powerread                     1 occurrences
intelligencethe               1 occurrences
democratour                   1 occurrences
therefeinstein                1 occurrences
reportswhile                  1 occurrences
virgina                       1 occurrences
enthusiasts                   1 occurrences
uninterestingtrump            1 occurrences
casting                       1 occurrences
plenty                        1 occurrences
silicon                       1 occurrences
spotting                      1 occurrences
rewrite                       1 occurrences
verge                         1 occurrences
obliterated                   1 occurrences
thengop                       1 occurrences
terrorize                     1 occurrences
condone                       1 occurrences
lawmy                         1 occurrences
opinionthese                  1 occurrences
warduring                     1 occurrences
itauditors                    1 occurrences
needles                       1 occurrences
excess                        1 occurrences
videotape                     1 occurrences
referencing                   1 occurrences
lawns                         1 occurrences
alike                         1 occurrences
commentsource                 1 occurrences
statesmanlike                 1 occurrences
programduring                 1 occurrences
hajje                         1 occurrences
hollande                      1 occurrences
undifferentiated              1 occurrences
namepolice                    1 occurrences
deserts                       1 occurrences
employeesawesome              1 occurrences
stetson                       1 occurrences
moneyhere                     1 occurrences
motivating                    1 occurrences
clay                          1 occurrences
warped                        1 occurrences
pictwittercomgrncllznvc       1 occurrences
redistribute                  1 occurrences
theatrics                     1 occurrences
yearbringing                  1 occurrences
supersonic                    1 occurrences
mouthing                      1 occurrences
propagandajanet               1 occurrences
robothow                      1 occurrences
poem                          1 occurrences
britain                       1 occurrences
appellate                     1 occurrences
tpp                           1 occurrences
rows                          1 occurrences
degraded                      1 occurrences
pictwittercomqmsafmmskr       1 occurrences
conditionsthis                1 occurrences
consulted                     1 occurrences
fridayjamal                   1 occurrences
constructive                  1 occurrences
ordnance                      1 occurrences
motivation                    1 occurrences
disfavor                      1 occurrences
sounding                      1 occurrences
revealedthey                  1 occurrences
agenciesread                  1 occurrences
councilfor                    1 occurrences
recentlyfinalized             1 occurrences
disassembled                  1 occurrences
redistricting                 1 occurrences
felon                         1 occurrences
separatingthe                 1 occurrences
riddled                       1 occurrences
numbered                      1 occurrences
unsustainable                 1 occurrences
kwamerose                     1 occurrences
jawdropping                   1 occurrences
knowhow                       1 occurrences
burns                         1 occurrences
saidlocal                     1 occurrences
timehighest                   1 occurrences
impeachmenta                  1 occurrences
fractured                     1 occurrences
crips                         1 occurrences
drainthedeepstate             1 occurrences
spam                          1 occurrences
spat                          1 occurrences
span                          1 occurrences
sells                         1 occurrences
domain                        1 occurrences
orphanages                    1 occurrences
sickeningit                   1 occurrences
onlinethis                    1 occurrences
verifiably                    1 occurrences
mailread                      1 occurrences
yearsa                        1 occurrences
processin                     1 occurrences
bands                         1 occurrences
afghanistanin                 1 occurrences
collapsethe                   1 occurrences
deduct                        1 occurrences
renowned                      1 occurrences
pole                          1 occurrences
abdulaziz                     1 occurrences
shorthand                     1 occurrences
osborne                       1 occurrences
xenophopia                    1 occurrences
reinstate                     1 occurrences
stylei                        1 occurrences
fidelis                       1 occurrences
choking                       1 occurrences
bled                          1 occurrences
americamsnbc                  1 occurrences
surveillanceboom              1 occurrences
webzilla                      1 occurrences
realizes                      1 occurrences
fridayeconomists              1 occurrences
taxpayersthe                  1 occurrences
lecturing                     1 occurrences
testy                         1 occurrences
antirussian                   1 occurrences
blew                          1 occurrences
ramadanaccording              1 occurrences
freedomread                   1 occurrences
listseo                       1 occurrences
thesis                        1 occurrences
reacts                        1 occurrences
percentages                   1 occurrences
outlook                       1 occurrences
harmed                        1 occurrences
detainersbristol              1 occurrences
mondayjust                    1 occurrences
hackingthe                    1 occurrences
capabilities                  1 occurrences
boricua                       1 occurrences
driven                        1 occurrences
wiretap                       1 occurrences
anjan                         1 occurrences
callerwe                      1 occurrences
societal                      1 occurrences
companyshe                    1 occurrences
russianbacked                 1 occurrences
freaked                       1 occurrences
bepresident                   1 occurrences
lawmeanwhile                  1 occurrences
shelley                       1 occurrences
wang                          1 occurrences
jurist                        1 occurrences
insensitive                   1 occurrences
amendments                    1 occurrences
clarifies                     1 occurrences
preclearance                  1 occurrences
spew                          1 occurrences
vagina                        1 occurrences
poof                          1 occurrences
standards                     1 occurrences
pressing                      1 occurrences
cottages                      1 occurrences
faithsthis                    1 occurrences
commitments                   1 occurrences
yearwe                        1 occurrences
noah                          1 occurrences
andrewmccabe                  1 occurrences
malaria                       1 occurrences
belowstate                    1 occurrences
simon                         1 occurrences
distance                      1 occurrences
rehashing                     1 occurrences
entryexit                     1 occurrences
unified                       1 occurrences
tighttrump                    1 occurrences
ramshackle                    1 occurrences
succumb                       1 occurrences
datapompeo                    1 occurrences
raghorn                       1 occurrences
fullbody                      1 occurrences
saidlatenight                 1 occurrences
slowmotion                    1 occurrences
marriage                      1 occurrences
hyper                         1 occurrences
taxfree                       1 occurrences
burrstyle                     1 occurrences
browner                       1 occurrences
hereall                       1 occurrences
overbearing                   1 occurrences
prevail                       1 occurrences
liberia                       1 occurrences
pictwittercomgdfjwbqbdq       1 occurrences
tse                           1 occurrences
accelerated                   1 occurrences
drama                         1 occurrences
investigationacting           1 occurrences
hernandezhernandez            1 occurrences
pjmedia                       1 occurrences
enshrined                     1 occurrences
freemarket                    1 occurrences
partially                     1 occurrences
processes                     1 occurrences
jails                         1 occurrences
obstructionists               1 occurrences
sentencing                    1 occurrences
electionbrennan               1 occurrences
ward                          1 occurrences
processon                     1 occurrences
resettlementin                1 occurrences
bucks                         1 occurrences
warn                          1 occurrences
warm                          1 occurrences
foods                         1 occurrences
porn                          1 occurrences
pipescritics                  1 occurrences
policymaking                  1 occurrences
themwho                       1 occurrences
geared                        1 occurrences
spin                          1 occurrences
jabarijyoung                  1 occurrences
decisively                    1 occurrences
fondnessford                  1 occurrences
thinkwhat                     1 occurrences
spit                          1 occurrences
fallajmera                    1 occurrences
pose                          1 occurrences
filming                       1 occurrences
pistole                       1 occurrences
yearnew                       1 occurrences
transitdoes                   1 occurrences
coveragebut                   1 occurrences
worldviewa                    1 occurrences
penalize                      1 occurrences
dinesh                        1 occurrences
programtyranny                1 occurrences
achieving                     1 occurrences
greenlighted                  1 occurrences
electrician                   1 occurrences
diminishes                    1 occurrences
design                        1 occurrences
enabling                      1 occurrences
feather                       1 occurrences
pressures                     1 occurrences
insinuations                  1 occurrences
steeply                       1 occurrences
notification                  1 occurrences
superstar                     1 occurrences
impressed                     1 occurrences
deadlineread                  1 occurrences
stephanie                     1 occurrences
syndromenow                   1 occurrences
toensingvictoria              1 occurrences
newsa                         1 occurrences
strenuous                     1 occurrences
hellhole                      1 occurrences
endgiving                     1 occurrences
fairer                        1 occurrences
recruited                     1 occurrences
nevertrumper                  1 occurrences
officeaccording               1 occurrences
editsmy                       1 occurrences
stickbows                     1 occurrences
availabilitynational          1 occurrences
surgeon                       1 occurrences
lexngo                        1 occurrences
obamawhite                    1 occurrences
rtxto                         1 occurrences
virgin                        1 occurrences
wave                          1 occurrences
adamhousley                   1 occurrences
gospel                        1 occurrences
sessionslawyer                1 occurrences
screeching                    1 occurrences
peterson                      1 occurrences
secured                       1 occurrences
profound                      1 occurrences
departmentnotice              1 occurrences
amazingly                     1 occurrences
nimble                        1 occurrences
replicate                     1 occurrences
inch                          1 occurrences
junetrump                     1 occurrences
conceived                     1 occurrences
otherwisein                   1 occurrences
carddemocrats                 1 occurrences
wails                         1 occurrences
antiislamophobia              1 occurrences
longestsuffering              1 occurrences
ratib                         1 occurrences
structures                    1 occurrences
blog                          1 occurrences
commas                        1 occurrences
aspirins                      1 occurrences
leadpolluted                  1 occurrences
ratio                         1 occurrences
withholding                   1 occurrences
negotiating                   1 occurrences
endorsements                  1 occurrences
woodshed                      1 occurrences
pricelesshahaha               1 occurrences
mobi                          1 occurrences
tabs                          1 occurrences
buses                         1 occurrences
rives                         1 occurrences
billed                        1 occurrences
warranted                     1 occurrences
unconsidered                  1 occurrences
resettlementon                1 occurrences
oops                          1 occurrences
amidst                        1 occurrences
bloc                          1 occurrences
guarded                       1 occurrences
output                        1 occurrences
uac                           1 occurrences
uae                           1 occurrences
cliffs                        1 occurrences
sidelines                     1 occurrences
hindered                      1 occurrences
selftaught                    1 occurrences
hideki                        1 occurrences
hospitality                   1 occurrences
renounce                      1 occurrences
encrypted                     1 occurrences
assaults                      1 occurrences
backfiring                    1 occurrences
oathgorsuch                   1 occurrences
reese                         1 occurrences
ena                           1 occurrences
whitetail                     1 occurrences
mode                          1 occurrences
niceties                      1 occurrences
appalled                      1 occurrences
absurd                        1 occurrences
wellcair                      1 occurrences
farrakhan                     1 occurrences
wagner                        1 occurrences
entrant                       1 occurrences
denis                         1 occurrences
wikileaksspecific             1 occurrences
weekhe                        1 occurrences
unprotected                   1 occurrences
fools                         1 occurrences
abstract                      1 occurrences
expeditions                   1 occurrences
shayrat                       1 occurrences
wraythe                       1 occurrences
ernesto                       1 occurrences
pulverize                     1 occurrences
frontrunners                  1 occurrences
halfwayq                      1 occurrences
contended                     1 occurrences
sharply                       1 occurrences
smudged                       1 occurrences
trippence                     1 occurrences
subpoenadigenova              1 occurrences
smartassetcom                 1 occurrences
censor                        1 occurrences
advocated                     1 occurrences
reiterated                    1 occurrences
coffers                       1 occurrences
showread                      1 occurrences
contender                     1 occurrences
livefor                       1 occurrences
licenses                      1 occurrences
spook                         1 occurrences
banta                         1 occurrences
charted                       1 occurrences
groupa                        1 occurrences
draws                         1 occurrences
helldobler                    1 occurrences
russiathe                     1 occurrences
dialogues                     1 occurrences
summarize                     1 occurrences
prostitution                  1 occurrences
exacerbated                   1 occurrences
quadruple                     1 occurrences
generation                    1 occurrences
charter                       1 occurrences
groupq                        1 occurrences
salad                         1 occurrences
explainsa                     1 occurrences
lowering                      1 occurrences
identifiedall                 1 occurrences
herchekasha                   1 occurrences
justiceas                     1 occurrences
yearsradio                    1 occurrences
concealment                   1 occurrences
homesthey                     1 occurrences
unleashedwe                   1 occurrences
blum                          1 occurrences
clintonrich                   1 occurrences
politic                       1 occurrences
substantiating                1 occurrences
saidthey                      1 occurrences
solutions                     1 occurrences
widelyrecognized              1 occurrences
repealing                     1 occurrences
fierstein                     1 occurrences
matthewthe                    1 occurrences
mocks                         1 occurrences
load                          1 occurrences
hallie                        1 occurrences
intimidated                   1 occurrences
throathis                     1 occurrences
orewas                        1 occurrences
emma                          1 occurrences
diamondandsilk                1 occurrences
occurrences                   1 occurrences
thankstracie                  1 occurrences
administrationplease          1 occurrences
criticizes                    1 occurrences
addictlas                     1 occurrences
escorted                      1 occurrences
sport                         1 occurrences
menagerie                     1 occurrences
locates                       1 occurrences
weekly                        1 occurrences
deplorables                   1 occurrences
oprah                         1 occurrences
melting                       1 occurrences
peoplenews                    1 occurrences
frighten                      1 occurrences
liverpool                     1 occurrences
fines                         1 occurrences
lighthearted                  1 occurrences
partytargeting                1 occurrences
traditionally                 1 occurrences
weekmr                        1 occurrences
insideclimate                 1 occurrences
est                           1 occurrences
stages                        1 occurrences
snowden                       1 occurrences
staged                        1 occurrences
londonbased                   1 occurrences
visibly                       1 occurrences
significantdonald             1 occurrences
propertyonly                  1 occurrences
rescind                       1 occurrences
bombshellthe                  1 occurrences
clowns                        1 occurrences
waive                         1 occurrences
reprocessed                   1 occurrences
ursula                        1 occurrences
planethe                      1 occurrences
quran                         1 occurrences
exportled                     1 occurrences
airing                        1 occurrences
omidyar                       1 occurrences
spots                         1 occurrences
billionfraud                  1 occurrences
spoti                         1 occurrences
westchesterplaya              1 occurrences
problematic                   1 occurrences
reckoned                      1 occurrences
molotovd                      1 occurrences
census                        1 occurrences
sfgate                        1 occurrences
chairhe                       1 occurrences
dojand                        1 occurrences
outsiders                     1 occurrences
falla                         1 occurrences
nose                          1 occurrences
wednesdaynevada               1 occurrences
exploit                       1 occurrences
cityowned                     1 occurrences
archie                        1 occurrences
machinations                  1 occurrences
informationsenator            1 occurrences
siegel                        1 occurrences
mcclatchyit                   1 occurrences
negligence                    1 occurrences
moly                          1 occurrences
tale                          1 occurrences
factsthe                      1 occurrences
officejustice                 1 occurrences
menace                        1 occurrences
soooo                         1 occurrences
winswhen                      1 occurrences
apartments                    1 occurrences
academically                  1 occurrences
installments                  1 occurrences
asiait                        1 occurrences
victorious                    1 occurrences
showsoros                     1 occurrences
miracle                       1 occurrences
saga                          1 occurrences
coastal                       1 occurrences
pizzagate                     1 occurrences
imperial                      1 occurrences
attendancethe                 1 occurrences
governmentsthe                1 occurrences
confidants                    1 occurrences
jayse                         1 occurrences
blaze                         1 occurrences
quitscaramucci                1 occurrences
governmenti                   1 occurrences
feudread                      1 occurrences
flocked                       1 occurrences
helen                         1 occurrences
logs                          1 occurrences
retires                       1 occurrences
expire                        1 occurrences
xfactor                       1 occurrences
orderread                     1 occurrences
ticked                        1 occurrences
absurdity                     1 occurrences
whaaaatthis                   1 occurrences
bowkilled                     1 occurrences
sneaking                      1 occurrences
moon                          1 occurrences
rationing                     1 occurrences
saidabout                     1 occurrences
againon                       1 occurrences
unlawful                      1 occurrences
magnate                       1 occurrences
schoolamerican                1 occurrences
reentry                       1 occurrences
scourge                       1 occurrences
evasive                       1 occurrences
angleunited                   1 occurrences
millionbut                    1 occurrences
resolutionand                 1 occurrences
nowi                          1 occurrences
infringe                      1 occurrences
iranianamericans              1 occurrences
hiatus                        1 occurrences
sail                          1 occurrences
tappersource                  1 occurrences
healthier                     1 occurrences
wbal                          1 occurrences
purported                     1 occurrences
hourhere                      1 occurrences
maggots                       1 occurrences
subclass                      1 occurrences
nutsoobama                    1 occurrences
exercised                     1 occurrences
redactions                    1 occurrences
undisputed                    1 occurrences
froze                         1 occurrences
lessseverely                  1 occurrences
francs                        1 occurrences
wapotsa                       1 occurrences
geneva                        1 occurrences
inflationwe                   1 occurrences
junior                        1 occurrences
microchips                    1 occurrences
westfield                     1 occurrences
scandalvia                    1 occurrences
overreaching                  1 occurrences
complaintother                1 occurrences
subjugating                   1 occurrences
celebrity                     1 occurrences
texashhs                      1 occurrences
rack                          1 occurrences
certainty                     1 occurrences
mountain                      1 occurrences
capitalhaley                  1 occurrences
wastefulthe                   1 occurrences
liesread                      1 occurrences
martha                        1 occurrences
parenthoodobama               1 occurrences
workerskey                    1 occurrences
nonparty                      1 occurrences
gergen                        1 occurrences
resorted                      1 occurrences
defiance                      1 occurrences
nationwidehe                  1 occurrences
ups                           1 occurrences
exercises                     1 occurrences
centerrichard                 1 occurrences
upi                           1 occurrences
anxieties                     1 occurrences
netflix                       1 occurrences
potito                        1 occurrences
culpability                   1 occurrences
anytimefor                    1 occurrences
showsmoderateincome           1 occurrences
ideaplaskett                  1 occurrences
killedmcauliffe               1 occurrences
deepened                      1 occurrences
fantasticbillionaire          1 occurrences
nauseam                       1 occurrences
mailour                       1 occurrences
moss                          1 occurrences
taste                         1 occurrences
travesty                      1 occurrences
tragically                    1 occurrences
russell                       1 occurrences
coyotes                       1 occurrences
wfbread                       1 occurrences
accentuation                  1 occurrences
thugs                         1 occurrences
dudley                        1 occurrences
numbersmoreover               1 occurrences
url                           1 occurrences
deplaningthe                  1 occurrences
pictwittercompxbrcgypwm       1 occurrences
commemorative                 1 occurrences
intervenethis                 1 occurrences
explore                       1 occurrences
peopleradio                   1 occurrences
crotch                        1 occurrences
placedr                       1 occurrences
sang                          1 occurrences
interrupt                     1 occurrences
shores                        1 occurrences
stevens                       1 occurrences
itmajor                       1 occurrences
deceased                      1 occurrences
liking                        1 occurrences
hello                         1 occurrences
safeeyewitness                1 occurrences
bizpac                        1 occurrences
lone                          1 occurrences
vulgartalking                 1 occurrences
disseminated                  1 occurrences
comeyin                       1 occurrences
troublemaking                 1 occurrences
reissue                       1 occurrences
images                        1 occurrences
broadcom                      1 occurrences
temper                        1 occurrences
fat                           1 occurrences
stampedecash                  1 occurrences
entail                        1 occurrences
formation                     1 occurrences
passions                      1 occurrences
batteries                     1 occurrences
budge                         1 occurrences
belowseth                     1 occurrences
borne                         1 occurrences
edmund                        1 occurrences
concepts                      1 occurrences
stake                         1 occurrences
fbn                           1 occurrences
raking                        1 occurrences
rain                          1 occurrences
streetseptember               1 occurrences
leftrob                       1 occurrences
thanked                       1 occurrences
republics                     1 occurrences
reawakening                   1 occurrences
inform                        1 occurrences
laurent                       1 occurrences
perceive                      1 occurrences
honduras                      1 occurrences
cashed                        1 occurrences
learnedthe                    1 occurrences
schultzthe                    1 occurrences
irrational                    1 occurrences
reprehensible                 1 occurrences
wrap                          1 occurrences
signdecember                  1 occurrences
raju                          1 occurrences
illegalsthis                  1 occurrences
italabama                     1 occurrences
fda                           1 occurrences
native                        1 occurrences
listthe                       1 occurrences
benchmarks                    1 occurrences
imperils                      1 occurrences
nuisance                      1 occurrences
lighta                        1 occurrences
marksteynonline               1 occurrences
revise                        1 occurrences
meetthepress                  1 occurrences
considerations                1 occurrences
presidentsali                 1 occurrences
videocampbell                 1 occurrences
allnow                        1 occurrences
onebreaking                   1 occurrences
wassermanschultz              1 occurrences
laundry                       1 occurrences
keating                       1 occurrences
heartbroken                   1 occurrences
peoplerather                  1 occurrences
colorfully                    1 occurrences
blistering                    1 occurrences
immigrated                    1 occurrences
lookout                       1 occurrences
nativeborn                    1 occurrences
joel                          1 occurrences
sickcan                       1 occurrences
beacons                       1 occurrences
billtoo                       1 occurrences
interviewsfederal             1 occurrences
bamboo                        1 occurrences
weaselbartiromo               1 occurrences
amplify                       1 occurrences
borni                         1 occurrences
senatememes                   1 occurrences
sats                          1 occurrences
indivisible                   1 occurrences
brokethat                     1 occurrences
ramp                          1 occurrences
learneddozens                 1 occurrences
disadvantages                 1 occurrences
antireligious                 1 occurrences
vacation                      1 occurrences
himmy                         1 occurrences
territoriesread               1 occurrences
wbrz                          1 occurrences
wednesdaythe                  1 occurrences
agreedlater                   1 occurrences
antibrowder                   1 occurrences
mischief                      1 occurrences
belong                        1 occurrences
arguments                     1 occurrences
newsread                      1 occurrences
involvedthat                  1 occurrences
usour                         1 occurrences
proposalon                    1 occurrences
jobsbut                       1 occurrences
justicewe                     1 occurrences
refuse                        1 occurrences
clips                         1 occurrences
targetedmr                    1 occurrences
jarring                       1 occurrences
indebted                      1 occurrences
enar                          1 occurrences
affair                        1 occurrences
lauderdale                    1 occurrences
salty                         1 occurrences
donationsradio                1 occurrences
stain                         1 occurrences
collision                     1 occurrences
inconsistent                  1 occurrences
bulgaria                      1 occurrences
trumpcare                     1 occurrences
jamaican                      1 occurrences
undeterred                    1 occurrences
retreat                       1 occurrences
stark                         1 occurrences
celebrated                    1 occurrences
rape                          1 occurrences
harbors                       1 occurrences
nucleaar                      1 occurrences
thiswhy                       1 occurrences
starr                         1 occurrences
hillaryfriday                 1 occurrences
routing                       1 occurrences
credentialing                 1 occurrences
signals                       1 occurrences
decorate                      1 occurrences
celebrates                    1 occurrences
rollers                       1 occurrences
dandc                         1 occurrences
stash                         1 occurrences
obstructing                   1 occurrences
heavier                       1 occurrences
involvednot                   1 occurrences
clyde                         1 occurrences
titfortat                     1 occurrences
components                    1 occurrences
fjs                           1 occurrences
grantscontractors             1 occurrences
unilever                      1 occurrences
reportsdeputy                 1 occurrences
rightleaning                  1 occurrences
heartless                     1 occurrences
kickedmarch                   1 occurrences
unfounded                     1 occurrences
overwatch                     1 occurrences
kneel                         1 occurrences
undated                       1 occurrences
grahamcassidy                 1 occurrences
resolutions                   1 occurrences
clintonnot                    1 occurrences
hightech                      1 occurrences
weaknesses                    1 occurrences
novaya                        1 occurrences
lizza                         1 occurrences
confidant                     1 occurrences
reprisals                     1 occurrences
pack                          1 occurrences
competing                     1 occurrences
korn                          1 occurrences
thisdavid                     1 occurrences
cruiser                       1 occurrences
warshere                      1 occurrences
bringbackflynn                1 occurrences
warmongering                  1 occurrences
subsources                    1 occurrences
rangethe                      1 occurrences
informationhouse              1 occurrences
conspiring                    1 occurrences
rash                          1 occurrences
dupont                        1 occurrences
customarily                   1 occurrences
gangsthe                      1 occurrences
deadmetadata                  1 occurrences
interpreted                   1 occurrences
flu                           1 occurrences
housinghe                     1 occurrences
amin                          1 occurrences
weinerthe                     1 occurrences
amit                          1 occurrences
deliberations                 1 occurrences
harney                        1 occurrences
combetta                      1 occurrences
schwerin                      1 occurrences
ciudad                        1 occurrences
corresponding                 1 occurrences
itselfour                     1 occurrences
essence                       1 occurrences
cathedralbfmtv                1 occurrences
var                           1 occurrences
recreation                    1 occurrences
himwe                         1 occurrences
judging                       1 occurrences
martin                        1 occurrences
rats                          1 occurrences
rightto                       1 occurrences
dossiera                      1 occurrences
slopes                        1 occurrences
territory                     1 occurrences
unrealduring                  1 occurrences
confederateera                1 occurrences
potusas                       1 occurrences
twitterthe                    1 occurrences
fnn                           1 occurrences
insensitivity                 1 occurrences
citizenwilcox                 1 occurrences
lunch                         1 occurrences
bennyhutch                    1 occurrences
littles                       1 occurrences
tumbling                      1 occurrences
equitable                     1 occurrences
middleamericans               1 occurrences
isgur                         1 occurrences
belowtranscriptradio          1 occurrences
directorhe                    1 occurrences
thenacting                    1 occurrences
fog                           1 occurrences
relationsit                   1 occurrences
combine                       1 occurrences
slope                         1 occurrences
defying                       1 occurrences
fleischman                    1 occurrences
embolden                      1 occurrences
summarized                    1 occurrences
hwang                         1 occurrences
entrusting                    1 occurrences
citizenslet                   1 occurrences
foreignrun                    1 occurrences
flown                         1 occurrences
reformswe                     1 occurrences
towns                         1 occurrences
deportedfederal               1 occurrences
centre                        1 occurrences
julyit                        1 occurrences
compilations                  1 occurrences
bothersome                    1 occurrences
atawan                        1 occurrences
selfserving                   1 occurrences
testifieschristopher          1 occurrences
cedric                        1 occurrences
rlouisiana                    1 occurrences
aguirre                       1 occurrences
cutler                        1 occurrences
russianoperated               1 occurrences
danny                         1 occurrences
omanwhile                     1 occurrences
threering                     1 occurrences
vez                           1 occurrences
shockingjudge                 1 occurrences
spills                        1 occurrences
periscope                     1 occurrences
outer                         1 occurrences
tolerated                     1 occurrences
antitrumper                   1 occurrences
parasites                     1 occurrences
campaignseason                1 occurrences
savage                        1 occurrences
sermon                        1 occurrences
knelt                         1 occurrences
hock                          1 occurrences
empowers                      1 occurrences
frm                           1 occurrences
destabilized                  1 occurrences
wikileaksrepublicans          1 occurrences
twothirds                     1 occurrences
nonmuslim                     1 occurrences
beamed                        1 occurrences
makebelieve                   1 occurrences
votethe                       1 occurrences
guaynaboradio                 1 occurrences
amok                          1 occurrences
holidaythe                    1 occurrences
medicalrelated                1 occurrences
lungs                         1 occurrences
australiain                   1 occurrences
fry                           1 occurrences
raviinder                     1 occurrences
readwatch                     1 occurrences
contributor                   1 occurrences
caslenpresident               1 occurrences
performancemy                 1 occurrences
varneyco                      1 occurrences
continually                   1 occurrences
cochair                       1 occurrences
helpnote                      1 occurrences
sacramentoon                  1 occurrences
commissionhere                1 occurrences
goebbelsc                     1 occurrences
pale                          1 occurrences
bbcread                       1 occurrences
regulated                     1 occurrences
involuntarily                 1 occurrences
palm                          1 occurrences
pager                         1 occurrences
reportvia                     1 occurrences
animated                      1 occurrences
tenuous                       1 occurrences
conveys                       1 occurrences
onetonne                      1 occurrences
rachel                        1 occurrences
obtains                       1 occurrences
dishes                        1 occurrences
england                       1 occurrences
fts                           1 occurrences
injuring                      1 occurrences
policemost                    1 occurrences
nominating                    1 occurrences
teeth                         1 occurrences
berate                        1 occurrences
jeremy                        1 occurrences
saiddavis                     1 occurrences
restorative                   1 occurrences
glorifying                    1 occurrences
welling                       1 occurrences
parrot                        1 occurrences
timevia                       1 occurrences
agricultureoffice             1 occurrences
paycheck                      1 occurrences
picturesupdate                1 occurrences
polnewsforever                1 occurrences
scenario                      1 occurrences
lawfully                      1 occurrences
neill                         1 occurrences
slows                         1 occurrences
pounding                      1 occurrences
influences                    1 occurrences
roadpolice                    1 occurrences
sturdier                      1 occurrences
prosperitythe                 1 occurrences
wowpolice                     1 occurrences
shampoo                       1 occurrences
authoritieswhaaaat            1 occurrences
andover                       1 occurrences
mistreated                    1 occurrences
compilation                   1 occurrences
unityrepublicans              1 occurrences
unduly                        1 occurrences
misstating                    1 occurrences
loaded                        1 occurrences
moneylaundering               1 occurrences
allthank                      1 occurrences
substantive                   1 occurrences
cbsthismorning                1 occurrences
tran                          1 occurrences
trap                          1 occurrences
iphone                        1 occurrences
outlining                     1 occurrences
aidachavez                    1 occurrences
believer                      1 occurrences
paristhe                      1 occurrences
subscribe                     1 occurrences
introduces                    1 occurrences
uspatrol                      1 occurrences
maybetrumpers                 1 occurrences
wyoming                       1 occurrences
modify                        1 occurrences
nabe                          1 occurrences
rockdirector                  1 occurrences
onafter                       1 occurrences
weaponmeanwhile               1 occurrences
imagination                   1 occurrences
molests                       1 occurrences
conglomerate                  1 occurrences
boris                         1 occurrences
canadabased                   1 occurrences
swipes                        1 occurrences
mandatory                     1 occurrences
gobs                          1 occurrences
americaafter                  1 occurrences
chavezc                       1 occurrences
beauregardthe                 1 occurrences
softly                        1 occurrences
sloppy                        1 occurrences
juliet                        1 occurrences
assangevia                    1 occurrences
fyi                           1 occurrences
bandwagon                     1 occurrences
solvency                      1 occurrences
globespanning                 1 occurrences
businessesread                1 occurrences
secretaryofstate              1 occurrences
pageant                       1 occurrences
wonderfully                   1 occurrences
install                       1 occurrences
gotnews                       1 occurrences
goingdirector                 1 occurrences
frightened                    1 occurrences
correspond                    1 occurrences
stoppedour                    1 occurrences
fulfilled                     1 occurrences
themdenise                    1 occurrences
salvatruchas                  1 occurrences
stirred                       1 occurrences
governmentbrowder             1 occurrences
youthled                      1 occurrences
swanky                        1 occurrences
nonissue                      1 occurrences
kompromat                     1 occurrences
elevating                     1 occurrences
transitionlawrence            1 occurrences
bottomup                      1 occurrences
patdowna                      1 occurrences
pleads                        1 occurrences
edgar                         1 occurrences
trek                          1 occurrences
protesterswhen                1 occurrences
boutique                      1 occurrences
whereas                       1 occurrences
proposing                     1 occurrences
investigationmr               1 occurrences
unmasker                      1 occurrences
digest                        1 occurrences
electionrecently              1 occurrences
neverbeforereleased           1 occurrences
republicanshere               1 occurrences
principally                   1 occurrences
rebuke                        1 occurrences
childrenin                    1 occurrences
assertions                    1 occurrences
nursing                       1 occurrences
firearmsvia                   1 occurrences
rafidi                        1 occurrences
multitude                     1 occurrences
kabul                         1 occurrences
sotomayorhere                 1 occurrences
chavalas                      1 occurrences
schoolresidents               1 occurrences
halla                         1 occurrences
societythrough                1 occurrences
administrationwalsh           1 occurrences
spain                         1 occurrences
extorting                     1 occurrences
kingdommohammed               1 occurrences
stashed                       1 occurrences
smallest                      1 occurrences
recuse                        1 occurrences
klein                         1 occurrences
carsonthe                     1 occurrences
abide                         1 occurrences
loudmouths                    1 occurrences
succession                    1 occurrences
adopting                      1 occurrences
incriminating                 1 occurrences
halls                         1 occurrences
yeardeidre                    1 occurrences
hood                          1 occurrences
policebig                     1 occurrences
directorwe                    1 occurrences
trumpellison                  1 occurrences
hoof                          1 occurrences
unverified                    1 occurrences
applausethe                   1 occurrences
informationso                 1 occurrences
thatif                        1 occurrences
senatethree                   1 occurrences
codirector                    1 occurrences
naturally                     1 occurrences
userread                      1 occurrences
induced                       1 occurrences
indecent                      1 occurrences
montilla                      1 occurrences
committeesometimes            1 occurrences
buzzfeedben                   1 occurrences
raging                        1 occurrences
nail                          1 occurrences
speakremember                 1 occurrences
karma                         1 occurrences
merited                       1 occurrences
unconfirmed                   1 occurrences
outlays                       1 occurrences
stemware                      1 occurrences
prontothe                     1 occurrences
vandalizeddelaware            1 occurrences
radioactive                   1 occurrences
shirley                       1 occurrences
rlaguna                       1 occurrences
portfoliothis                 1 occurrences
collect                       1 occurrences
aroundtheclock                1 occurrences
hitlerc                       1 occurrences
contest                       1 occurrences
gopaul                        1 occurrences
rainisaac                     1 occurrences
sounded                       1 occurrences
grader                        1 occurrences
gap                           1 occurrences
downfootage                   1 occurrences
fabric                        1 occurrences
yousef                        1 occurrences
purposessenator               1 occurrences
electiongavin                 1 occurrences
halifax                       1 occurrences
commievia                     1 occurrences
capitulation                  1 occurrences
ensuring                      1 occurrences
wcnc                          1 occurrences
heating                       1 occurrences
universityread                1 occurrences
systemread                    1 occurrences
protectionscitizens           1 occurrences
chime                         1 occurrences
thinghe                       1 occurrences
macy                          1 occurrences
greedy                        1 occurrences
timesthey                     1 occurrences
chimp                         1 occurrences
vivelafrance                  1 occurrences
denials                       1 occurrences
villagethe                    1 occurrences
spann                         1 occurrences
painfully                     1 occurrences
chargesincerelyfrank          1 occurrences
context                       1 occurrences
birch                         1 occurrences
mountains                     1 occurrences
daylight                      1 occurrences
burdenread                    1 occurrences
memento                       1 occurrences
indoctrination                1 occurrences
assumes                       1 occurrences
fletch                        1 occurrences
intensity                     1 occurrences
youvelshi                     1 occurrences
planetoday                    1 occurrences
reformthe                     1 occurrences
butchering                    1 occurrences
ambulances                    1 occurrences
welch                         1 occurrences
foes                          1 occurrences
incumbent                     1 occurrences
enforces                      1 occurrences
downturn                      1 occurrences
wherein                       1 occurrences
leakwhite                     1 occurrences
complacency                   1 occurrences
straw                         1 occurrences
mantra                        1 occurrences
gronkowksi                    1 occurrences
messaging                     1 occurrences
stricly                       1 occurrences
welllearned                   1 occurrences
rudeharris                    1 occurrences
birds                         1 occurrences
donnellyremember              1 occurrences
claytonclayton                1 occurrences
eagerness                     1 occurrences
meddled                       1 occurrences
invaluable                    1 occurrences
lawbut                        1 occurrences
solved                        1 occurrences
campaignwithin                1 occurrences
trucks                        1 occurrences
furor                         1 occurrences
playfighting                  1 occurrences
loving                        1 occurrences
winging                       1 occurrences
madrid                        1 occurrences
taxvia                        1 occurrences
impending                     1 occurrences
sixman                        1 occurrences
informationfederal            1 occurrences
countiesas                    1 occurrences
pictwittercomwyunhjjujg       1 occurrences
slovakiaanother               1 occurrences
sixinch                       1 occurrences
husseind                      1 occurrences
trot                          1 occurrences
onset                         1 occurrences
fencea                        1 occurrences
needlesbut                    1 occurrences
methodology                   1 occurrences
thathe                        1 occurrences
dominated                     1 occurrences
happenread                    1 occurrences
dnev                          1 occurrences
regan                         1 occurrences
saidiranianamerican           1 occurrences
prisons                       1 occurrences
fundingwhy                    1 occurrences
spark                         1 occurrences
credential                    1 occurrences
futile                        1 occurrences
walletthree                   1 occurrences
otherwiseduncan               1 occurrences
lawread                       1 occurrences
brenda                        1 occurrences
logelectronic                 1 occurrences
satisfied                     1 occurrences
russiathese                   1 occurrences
elham                         1 occurrences
convictedahmad                1 occurrences
operationaccording            1 occurrences
indirectly                    1 occurrences
rahims                        1 occurrences
satisfies                     1 occurrences
demonstrators                 1 occurrences
beacononce                    1 occurrences
aspects                       1 occurrences
cement                        1 occurrences
franc                         1 occurrences
jelly                         1 occurrences
appointments                  1 occurrences
homefeatured                  1 occurrences
ammo                          1 occurrences
afghanborn                    1 occurrences
doorway                       1 occurrences
alzor                         1 occurrences
securityplease                1 occurrences
ramifications                 1 occurrences
policeadvertisingcourt        1 occurrences
unscrupulous                  1 occurrences
capture                       1 occurrences
directive                     1 occurrences
itsource                      1 occurrences
activate                      1 occurrences
fjsdocument                   1 occurrences
village                       1 occurrences
cofounded                     1 occurrences
administrationtraditionally   1 occurrences
investigationrobert           1 occurrences
newspapers                    1 occurrences
levelthe                      1 occurrences
farmersthe                    1 occurrences
caseconfirmed                 1 occurrences
ladd                          1 occurrences
diane                         1 occurrences
woefully                      1 occurrences
lacy                          1 occurrences
varney                        1 occurrences
harvest                       1 occurrences
consult                       1 occurrences
stormhurricane                1 occurrences
pleased                       1 occurrences
firstinthenation              1 occurrences
snafu                         1 occurrences
sendoff                       1 occurrences
belowmajority                 1 occurrences
russiainvestigation           1 occurrences
vicepresidentelect            1 occurrences
followersclimaterelated       1 occurrences
huddling                      1 occurrences
notifying                     1 occurrences
hospitalized                  1 occurrences
leakmultiple                  1 occurrences
justicesince                  1 occurrences
adapted                       1 occurrences
catholics                     1 occurrences
volatile                      1 occurrences
citiesbest                    1 occurrences
contraception                 1 occurrences
professed                     1 occurrences
mama                          1 occurrences
antiaircraft                  1 occurrences
politicofox                   1 occurrences
natl                          1 occurrences
hardship                      1 occurrences
comeyall                      1 occurrences
housleyfox                    1 occurrences
insinuated                    1 occurrences
lael                          1 occurrences
warmbier                      1 occurrences
techniques                    1 occurrences
highbasically                 1 occurrences
minirussian                   1 occurrences
tunethe                       1 occurrences
voterstucker                  1 occurrences
francis                       1 occurrences
extramarital                  1 occurrences
mystifying                    1 occurrences
suspensions                   1 occurrences
monarch                       1 occurrences
greene                        1 occurrences
meanther                      1 occurrences
booked                        1 occurrences
strip                         1 occurrences
retirements                   1 occurrences
credentials                   1 occurrences
fond                          1 occurrences
courtjudge                    1 occurrences
manafortveselnitskaya         1 occurrences
enrolling                     1 occurrences
sincethroughout               1 occurrences
addedremember                 1 occurrences
authorizes                    1 occurrences
acquittal                     1 occurrences
gma                           1 occurrences
aidesthey                     1 occurrences
upped                         1 occurrences
publicprivate                 1 occurrences
clapping                      1 occurrences
alexander                     1 occurrences
philadelphia                  1 occurrences
fightsplease                  1 occurrences
manu                          1 occurrences
govt                          1 occurrences
sighting                      1 occurrences
threatsthese                  1 occurrences
discouraged                   1 occurrences
vadim                         1 occurrences
obamain                       1 occurrences
customer                      1 occurrences
programsdespite               1 occurrences
doat                          1 occurrences
distinctively                 1 occurrences
signatures                    1 occurrences
dealbut                       1 occurrences
shockright                    1 occurrences
maps                          1 occurrences
baskets                       1 occurrences
votesource                    1 occurrences
cousins                       1 occurrences
beforefortunately             1 occurrences
clintona                      1 occurrences
selfpromotioncongress         1 occurrences
activitiesthe                 1 occurrences
routepolish                   1 occurrences
lauren                        1 occurrences
littlenoticed                 1 occurrences
eyewitnesses                  1 occurrences
counselfurther                1 occurrences
expressionsstorm              1 occurrences
repmaxinewaters               1 occurrences
clintoni                      1 occurrences
edwin                         1 occurrences
peninsulapence                1 occurrences
thompson                      1 occurrences
exhusband                     1 occurrences
remainder                     1 occurrences
compromises                   1 occurrences
childrenthis                  1 occurrences
neededat                      1 occurrences
web                           1 occurrences
wee                           1 occurrences
disrespectful                 1 occurrences
allah                         1 occurrences
burglary                      1 occurrences
intermediate                  1 occurrences
boxpartial                    1 occurrences
mart                          1 occurrences
belady                        1 occurrences
administer                    1 occurrences
disbursing                    1 occurrences
wet                           1 occurrences
diapers                       1 occurrences
dutch                         1 occurrences
mast                          1 occurrences
resettlements                 1 occurrences
grantmakingthat               1 occurrences
disproportionatelysized       1 occurrences
touching                      1 occurrences
infant                        1 occurrences
trumpmaryland                 1 occurrences
purged                        1 occurrences
cashing                       1 occurrences
verizon                       1 occurrences
semiconductor                 1 occurrences
math                          1 occurrences
releasedafter                 1 occurrences
admissible                    1 occurrences
programmer                    1 occurrences
saysthe                       1 occurrences
slawsonmichael                1 occurrences
roseville                     1 occurrences
wallhow                       1 occurrences
unskilled                     1 occurrences
lavrov                        1 occurrences
shove                         1 occurrences
evacuated                     1 occurrences
anne                          1 occurrences
somethingobama                1 occurrences
longwinded                    1 occurrences
banded                        1 occurrences
equivalency                   1 occurrences
expectsebastian               1 occurrences
valuesas                      1 occurrences
rightrod                      1 occurrences
captioned                     1 occurrences
publicchutkan                 1 occurrences
regionsthat                   1 occurrences
groupsa                       1 occurrences
depot                         1 occurrences
razzieworthy                  1 occurrences
actors                        1 occurrences
pursuant                      1 occurrences
offduty                       1 occurrences
hermit                        1 occurrences
wic                           1 occurrences
laos                          1 occurrences
gotcha                        1 occurrences
zemlya                        1 occurrences
freaks                        1 occurrences
coal                          1 occurrences
dislike                       1 occurrences
massacrepaddock               1 occurrences
distrubiton                   1 occurrences
coat                          1 occurrences
aheaddisturbing               1 occurrences
beneath                       1 occurrences
thendeputy                    1 occurrences
supportjohn                   1 occurrences
affirmed                      1 occurrences
gut                           1 occurrences
hence                         1 occurrences
doit                          1 occurrences
instrument                    1 occurrences
exterior                      1 occurrences
payers                        1 occurrences
assailed                      1 occurrences
fleece                        1 occurrences
inducements                   1 occurrences
highereconomists              1 occurrences
pseudo                        1 occurrences
swearing                      1 occurrences
securityaccording             1 occurrences
numbersairlines               1 occurrences
countering                    1 occurrences
publicit                      1 occurrences
palestinian                   1 occurrences
hardhitting                   1 occurrences
increasing                    1 occurrences
usdi                          1 occurrences
minchin                       1 occurrences
shoulders                     1 occurrences
anti                          1 occurrences
virginiaat                    1 occurrences
processedorban                1 occurrences
advocating                    1 occurrences
imported                      1 occurrences
disavow                       1 occurrences
globalismthe                  1 occurrences
profits                       1 occurrences
populism                      1 occurrences
matterthose                   1 occurrences
explanations                  1 occurrences
timehonored                   1 occurrences
offsite                       1 occurrences
favored                       1 occurrences
millionthe                    1 occurrences
captrump                      1 occurrences
emojis                        1 occurrences
flopper                       1 occurrences
upside                        1 occurrences
prek                          1 occurrences
outcnn                        1 occurrences
threeday                      1 occurrences
prey                          1 occurrences
buildingit                    1 occurrences
inclement                     1 occurrences
threshold                     1 occurrences
cfius                         1 occurrences
bracketsthe                   1 occurrences
jalal                         1 occurrences
redirecting                   1 occurrences
bombardment                   1 occurrences
worldview                     1 occurrences
alexandra                     1 occurrences
fleecing                      1 occurrences
patted                        1 occurrences
falsity                       1 occurrences
officeri                      1 occurrences
nowdeceased                   1 occurrences
gallerythe                    1 occurrences
documentary                   1 occurrences
dome                          1 occurrences
breached                      1 occurrences
entrepreneur                  1 occurrences
jackwagons                    1 occurrences
steadfast                     1 occurrences
kang                          1 occurrences
markedoff                     1 occurrences
cody                          1 occurrences
statedpopovich                1 occurrences
calibrated                    1 occurrences
seventeen                     1 occurrences
execution                     1 occurrences
slain                         1 occurrences
invent                        1 occurrences
sentedcruz                    1 occurrences
reimburse                     1 occurrences
costbenefit                   1 occurrences
pleasantly                    1 occurrences
guaynabo                      1 occurrences
dont                          1 occurrences
speakingpolice                1 occurrences
traxler                       1 occurrences
flagged                       1 occurrences
stasiak                       1 occurrences
depth                         1 occurrences
retribution                   1 occurrences
schoola                       1 occurrences
mapadditionally               1 occurrences
twentythree                   1 occurrences
broadband                     1 occurrences
bartender                     1 occurrences
koreafunding                  1 occurrences
eagle                         1 occurrences
channels                      1 occurrences
hollenvan                     1 occurrences
themthis                      1 occurrences
capacitiesby                  1 occurrences
outdoorsman                   1 occurrences
unpfa                         1 occurrences
buildingin                    1 occurrences
tillersonvia                  1 occurrences
unnecessary                   1 occurrences
lahore                        1 occurrences
fjsparentnodeinsertbeforejs   1 occurrences
lucerne                       1 occurrences
extolledcuomo                 1 occurrences
revered                       1 occurrences
aspect                        1 occurrences
omnibusbuilding               1 occurrences
cubathe                       1 occurrences
racing                        1 occurrences
underwent                     1 occurrences
bypassing                     1 occurrences
mishandled                    1 occurrences
checkers                      1 occurrences
privilegethe                  1 occurrences
supportq                      1 occurrences
patriotoklahoma               1 occurrences
transmission                  1 occurrences
scales                        1 occurrences
onesession                    1 occurrences
sophia                        1 occurrences
stayed                        1 occurrences
tacticsthat                   1 occurrences
statedhis                     1 occurrences
conductthe                    1 occurrences
slaughter                     1 occurrences
schemed                       1 occurrences
statehigh                     1 occurrences
ethiopian                     1 occurrences
altered                       1 occurrences
kara                          1 occurrences
symptomatic                   1 occurrences
longa                         1 occurrences
flash                         1 occurrences
chihuahua                     1 occurrences
pakistaniamerican             1 occurrences
donothing                     1 occurrences
stayer                        1 occurrences
bruce                         1 occurrences
billvia                       1 occurrences
boarding                      1 occurrences
erupts                        1 occurrences
kari                          1 occurrences
albright                      1 occurrences
dore                          1 occurrences
dallasfort                    1 occurrences
cole                          1 occurrences
magalouisiana                 1 occurrences
wraywray                      1 occurrences
capacities                    1 occurrences
flightsvia                    1 occurrences
schweitzer                    1 occurrences
tracklater                    1 occurrences
desirable                     1 occurrences
worldas                       1 occurrences
billionaireif                 1 occurrences
presidentelecttrumpabsolutely 1 occurrences
nayla                         1 occurrences
crashing                      1 occurrences
coma                          1 occurrences
dose                          1 occurrences
blockade                      1 occurrences
siblings                      1 occurrences
rebuildtexasstrong            1 occurrences
nomineethe                    1 occurrences
iiinternational               1 occurrences
acrimonious                   1 occurrences
spray                         1 occurrences
dots                          1 occurrences
belowjenna                    1 occurrences
connell                       1 occurrences
formality                     1 occurrences
sophisticated                 1 occurrences
officialthe                   1 occurrences
photographers                 1 occurrences
methodsthe                    1 occurrences
wsj                           1 occurrences
birth                         1 occurrences
steelean                      1 occurrences
membermr                      1 occurrences
coordinating                  1 occurrences
studied                       1 occurrences
squeamish                     1 occurrences
benefitstheir                 1 occurrences
corridor                      1 occurrences
conf                          1 occurrences
stampstrump                   1 occurrences
spooks                        1 occurrences
sandersto                     1 occurrences
enjoyed                       1 occurrences
thatwhile                     1 occurrences
mario                         1 occurrences
restraining                   1 occurrences
buddies                       1 occurrences
katrinawdrb                   1 occurrences
cracks                        1 occurrences
barnicle                      1 occurrences
everyones                     1 occurrences
survivor                      1 occurrences
visitor                       1 occurrences
samuelson                     1 occurrences
unfairone                     1 occurrences
ceases                        1 occurrences
mammoth                       1 occurrences
jackwagon                     1 occurrences
echoes                        1 occurrences
pssies                        1 occurrences
colors                        1 occurrences
ringis                        1 occurrences
shrinks                       1 occurrences
grandchildren                 1 occurrences
proceeding                    1 occurrences
outofcontrol                  1 occurrences
capably                       1 occurrences
cope                          1 occurrences
testexperts                   1 occurrences
youths                        1 occurrences
claimsthe                     1 occurrences
audiences                     1 occurrences
agendawhat                    1 occurrences
dealsthe                      1 occurrences
marks                         1 occurrences
senatorthe                    1 occurrences
bodily                        1 occurrences
showthey                      1 occurrences
videosthe                     1 occurrences
spoons                        1 occurrences
soughtafter                   1 occurrences
romantic                      1 occurrences
countriesthe                  1 occurrences
ainsley                       1 occurrences
schemecase                    1 occurrences
uswe                          1 occurrences
guidancewith                  1 occurrences
necklace                      1 occurrences
merchant                      1 occurrences
bobblehead                    1 occurrences
morningspecial                1 occurrences
pickup                        1 occurrences
henry                         1 occurrences
collegeplease                 1 occurrences
twittervan                    1 occurrences
himluckily                    1 occurrences
conspiracists                 1 occurrences
scum                          1 occurrences
annoys                        1 occurrences
miraculously                  1 occurrences
corp                          1 occurrences
reporteddeputy                1 occurrences
theorists                     1 occurrences
tangible                      1 occurrences
reoffendthe                   1 occurrences
lobbyist                      1 occurrences
schooled                      1 occurrences
wyrickfinds                   1 occurrences
midst                         1 occurrences
furthering                    1 occurrences
nervously                     1 occurrences
simmering                     1 occurrences
undergoing                    1 occurrences
surein                        1 occurrences
scud                          1 occurrences
vessels                       1 occurrences
hearingabc                    1 occurrences
programsection                1 occurrences
smuglytucker                  1 occurrences
minutethis                    1 occurrences
proteststhis                  1 occurrences
answering                     1 occurrences
capito                        1 occurrences
governmentdangerous           1 occurrences
wicked                        1 occurrences
tantamount                    1 occurrences
departmentin                  1 occurrences
parted                        1 occurrences
primaryduring                 1 occurrences
inequality                    1 occurrences
unproven                      1 occurrences
awoke                         1 occurrences
commentvia                    1 occurrences
hiv                           1 occurrences
thenspeaker                   1 occurrences
hilariously                   1 occurrences
smashing                      1 occurrences
cory                          1 occurrences
livelifecorazy                1 occurrences
presses                       1 occurrences
flowon                        1 occurrences
constitutionalistjudge        1 occurrences
bona                          1 occurrences
historyhere                   1 occurrences
cryptic                       1 occurrences
nightpolice                   1 occurrences
arbitrary                     1 occurrences
logged                        1 occurrences
facethe                       1 occurrences
yourselfas                    1 occurrences
saidjpmorgan                  1 occurrences
flatly                        1 occurrences
chunks                        1 occurrences
remorse                       1 occurrences
localityeducation             1 occurrences
hags                          1 occurrences
independently                 1 occurrences
skewered                      1 occurrences
deare                         1 occurrences
religiously                   1 occurrences
thursdayaccording             1 occurrences
trespasser                    1 occurrences
exports                       1 occurrences
continuingtrump               1 occurrences
jubilant                      1 occurrences
treasurey                     1 occurrences
boos                          1 occurrences
designs                       1 occurrences
buried                        1 occurrences
lasting                       1 occurrences
durbin                        1 occurrences
pockets                       1 occurrences
tyrannical                    1 occurrences
outsidetrump                  1 occurrences
heavyhanded                   1 occurrences
offenders                     1 occurrences
bureaucratsthey               1 occurrences
disparate                     1 occurrences
wilmerhale                    1 occurrences
happenedit                    1 occurrences
floridairma                   1 occurrences
hair                          1 occurrences
illegalvargas                 1 occurrences
miamibased                    1 occurrences
winit                         1 occurrences
monkeys                       1 occurrences
latepuzder                    1 occurrences
nondiscrimination             1 occurrences
truckers                      1 occurrences
explanatory                   1 occurrences
honesty                       1 occurrences
dinners                       1 occurrences
nearest                       1 occurrences
australianrun                 1 occurrences
contaminated                  1 occurrences
bastards                      1 occurrences
hardystatewide                1 occurrences
synonym                       1 occurrences
oathhow                       1 occurrences
conecuh                       1 occurrences
transcriptmika                1 occurrences
statementsphotos              1 occurrences
yearssusan                    1 occurrences
fullness                      1 occurrences
finalizing                    1 occurrences
xbt                           1 occurrences
processthe                    1 occurrences
didfor                        1 occurrences
percountryoforigin            1 occurrences
fraudulentlythe               1 occurrences
spree                         1 occurrences
publicschool                  1 occurrences
uncoveredon                   1 occurrences
belowthis                     1 occurrences
jobsthe                       1 occurrences
wichita                       1 occurrences
trucker                       1 occurrences
housepopovich                 1 occurrences
hale                          1 occurrences
premature                     1 occurrences
statebystate                  1 occurrences
cozy                          1 occurrences
weeklong                      1 occurrences
jeddah                        1 occurrences
messy                         1 occurrences
steelefinally                 1 occurrences
activitiesthis                1 occurrences
thisyou                       1 occurrences
screwed                       1 occurrences
wtop                          1 occurrences
drought                       1 occurrences
sourcelisten                  1 occurrences
secrecy                       1 occurrences
fianc                         1 occurrences
scoop                         1 occurrences
cyberattack                   1 occurrences
calleropen                    1 occurrences
bots                          1 occurrences
eisenhower                    1 occurrences
saidhttpswwwyoutubecomwatchvwraljumoagovia1 occurrences
brush                         1 occurrences
barrack                       1 occurrences
outpolice                     1 occurrences
cemeterymake                  1 occurrences
personshe                     1 occurrences
beforethe                     1 occurrences
yell                          1 occurrences
anticitizen                   1 occurrences
predictable                   1 occurrences
sitedrudge                    1 occurrences
commentdonald                 1 occurrences
permissionbrothers            1 occurrences
foxnewscom                    1 occurrences
giftdiamondandsilk            1 occurrences
hans                          1 occurrences
hurts                         1 occurrences
harassed                      1 occurrences
millionronald                 1 occurrences
facebookplease                1 occurrences
clarion                       1 occurrences
unbelievably                  1 occurrences
predictably                   1 occurrences
ascended                      1 occurrences
handouts                      1 occurrences
speechthe                     1 occurrences
bone                          1 occurrences
destitute                     1 occurrences
paratroops                    1 occurrences
departmentdemocratic          1 occurrences
immense                       1 occurrences
subsidized                    1 occurrences
caring                        1 occurrences
newfound                      1 occurrences
harmreduction                 1 occurrences
polish                        1 occurrences
numberone                     1 occurrences
norris                        1 occurrences
catastrophic                  1 occurrences
haas                          1 occurrences
acquitted                     1 occurrences
bunkerville                   1 occurrences
explication                   1 occurrences
bretzing                      1 occurrences
othersvideo                   1 occurrences
aborted                       1 occurrences
cemeteries                    1 occurrences
payloadsthe                   1 occurrences
connects                      1 occurrences
gail                          1 occurrences
gain                          1 occurrences
sumter                        1 occurrences
fuselage                      1 occurrences
encountered                   1 occurrences
windshield                    1 occurrences
jobssmashing                  1 occurrences
programstwo                   1 occurrences
rosentein                     1 occurrences
chrischristie                 1 occurrences
yells                         1 occurrences
votingcalls                   1 occurrences
harpers                       1 occurrences
dispatch                      1 occurrences
indicating                    1 occurrences
committeeunder                1 occurrences
hug                           1 occurrences
cpac                          1 occurrences
usecampaign                   1 occurrences
administering                 1 occurrences
senatorprior                  1 occurrences
transnational                 1 occurrences
attackers                     1 occurrences
casegubarev                   1 occurrences
heitkamp                      1 occurrences
permitgood                    1 occurrences
kilmeade                      1 occurrences
commentator                   1 occurrences
slipped                       1 occurrences
consumed                      1 occurrences
swthe                         1 occurrences
universitythe                 1 occurrences
questionnaire                 1 occurrences
ingeorgia                     1 occurrences
experiencing                  1 occurrences
unfocused                     1 occurrences
streamed                      1 occurrences
payrollcapitol                1 occurrences
bemoaning                     1 occurrences
forty                         1 occurrences
hata                          1 occurrences
believing                     1 occurrences
sourcesthe                    1 occurrences
leibstandarte                 1 occurrences
tiresfebruary                 1 occurrences
opera                         1 occurrences
pregala                       1 occurrences
reportedcass                  1 occurrences
crimessaleh                   1 occurrences
videowow                      1 occurrences
bystander                     1 occurrences
democratsplease               1 occurrences
recouped                      1 occurrences
talent                        1 occurrences
subledger                     1 occurrences
lynchsome                     1 occurrences
wapoeditor                    1 occurrences
ncaa                          1 occurrences
windowresidents               1 occurrences
nationsdonald                 1 occurrences
controlling                   1 occurrences
congressmichael               1 occurrences
greeted                       1 occurrences
beltway                       1 occurrences
monumental                    1 occurrences
bureaucracies                 1 occurrences
weekenda                      1 occurrences
wellplaced                    1 occurrences
watchaaron                    1 occurrences
antitrumpabc                  1 occurrences
persist                       1 occurrences
vigor                         1 occurrences
durbinnancy                   1 occurrences
renovations                   1 occurrences
blacks                        1 occurrences
blacka                        1 occurrences
medicaidarkansas              1 occurrences
europeans                     1 occurrences
rulespecifically              1 occurrences
morrisonmcginnis              1 occurrences
hart                          1 occurrences
employmentrelated             1 occurrences
whistle                       1 occurrences
prestonsburg                  1 occurrences
ratingsin                     1 occurrences
electionsread                 1 occurrences
votersthe                     1 occurrences
scissors                      1 occurrences
swornin                       1 occurrences
examined                      1 occurrences
pharmaceutical                1 occurrences
proclaimed                    1 occurrences
redesigned                    1 occurrences
hanif                         1 occurrences
farmers                       1 occurrences
unsupported                   1 occurrences
gehad                         1 occurrences
shake                         1 occurrences
examines                      1 occurrences
hawk                          1 occurrences
scour                         1 occurrences
torches                       1 occurrences
bostonbased                   1 occurrences
pander                        1 occurrences
valuethe                      1 occurrences
facthere                      1 occurrences
speculate                     1 occurrences
circlenew                     1 occurrences
weak                          1 occurrences
kathy                         1 occurrences
nachos                        1 occurrences
sayswatch                     1 occurrences
gaps                          1 occurrences
clintonall                    1 occurrences
prisoner                      1 occurrences
patrolled                     1 occurrences
christianity                  1 occurrences
lawless                       1 occurrences
nonexempt                     1 occurrences
mocked                        1 occurrences
exposes                       1 occurrences
shaky                         1 occurrences
temperatures                  1 occurrences
vivelafra                     1 occurrences
worldviewpopulist             1 occurrences
understandable                1 occurrences
destination                   1 occurrences
conclude                      1 occurrences
europedurham                  1 occurrences
katie                         1 occurrences
extorted                      1 occurrences
rediscovery                   1 occurrences
dumpston                      1 occurrences
barak                         1 occurrences
transitioning                 1 occurrences
shipping                      1 occurrences
edgewater                     1 occurrences
knowledgeable                 1 occurrences
fixedblade                    1 occurrences
liferather                    1 occurrences
navigate                      1 occurrences
violencejuly                  1 occurrences
helmet                        1 occurrences
brundage                      1 occurrences
vault                         1 occurrences
reaches                       1 occurrences
passionate                    1 occurrences
bowhuntercom                  1 occurrences
ondimon                       1 occurrences
deanthe                       1 occurrences
violenceleaders               1 occurrences
synonymous                    1 occurrences
accelerating                  1 occurrences
stab                          1 occurrences
violencemay                   1 occurrences
lawyerdear                    1 occurrences
secretsthe                    1 occurrences
intrusion                     1 occurrences
bleak                         1 occurrences
rsvp                          1 occurrences
nowthe                        1 occurrences
stan                          1 occurrences
safeguarding                  1 occurrences
fame                          1 occurrences
equivocate                    1 occurrences
mccabeinvestigating           1 occurrences
transactionsleonardo          1 occurrences
cheered                       1 occurrences
strongman                     1 occurrences
reservations                  1 occurrences
belowgraham                   1 occurrences
hiddenredacted                1 occurrences
warthe                        1 occurrences
whopper                       1 occurrences
nucleararmed                  1 occurrences
dprk                          1 occurrences
hobby                         1 occurrences
legislate                     1 occurrences
subcommittees                 1 occurrences
succumbed                     1 occurrences
accordcnn                     1 occurrences
payed                         1 occurrences
maddow                        1 occurrences
militarystyle                 1 occurrences
shane                         1 occurrences
apologythe                    1 occurrences
entitlementread               1 occurrences
simultaneously                1 occurrences
symbol                        1 occurrences
interventionin                1 occurrences
lodged                        1 occurrences
preisdent                     1 occurrences
cambodia                      1 occurrences
beforehand                    1 occurrences
kristina                      1 occurrences
ian                           1 occurrences
newsthis                      1 occurrences
tagging                       1 occurrences
beloved                       1 occurrences
scretary                      1 occurrences
helmer                        1 occurrences
ordinancesthe                 1 occurrences
kristinn                      1 occurrences
hawking                       1 occurrences
mirror                        1 occurrences
hawkins                       1 occurrences
sdpd                          1 occurrences
saturdaythe                   1 occurrences
yearsalthough                 1 occurrences
trumpthis                     1 occurrences
jamie                         1 occurrences
cohort                        1 occurrences
excusable                     1 occurrences
neglected                     1 occurrences
submissions                   1 occurrences
concurred                     1 occurrences
fraction                      1 occurrences
unannounced                   1 occurrences
dining                        1 occurrences
dupree                        1 occurrences
trumpjust                     1 occurrences
rmithe                        1 occurrences
revamping                     1 occurrences
nowbreaking                   1 occurrences
doortodoor                    1 occurrences
appreciated                   1 occurrences
palestinians                  1 occurrences
buzzfeeddid                   1 occurrences
lawthe                        1 occurrences
yuri                          1 occurrences
realspace                     1 occurrences
viverito                      1 occurrences
rioters                       1 occurrences
appreciates                   1 occurrences
evacuatedstay                 1 occurrences
halfway                       1 occurrences
fara                          1 occurrences
cradle                        1 occurrences
fare                          1 occurrences
morebut                       1 occurrences
belongsin                     1 occurrences
tattooed                      1 occurrences
channelview                   1 occurrences
pompano                       1 occurrences
deficiencies                  1 occurrences
wudu                          1 occurrences
stretch                       1 occurrences
obamacarethe                  1 occurrences
fightshe                      1 occurrences
excitement                    1 occurrences
startups                      1 occurrences
dads                          1 occurrences
kris                          1 occurrences
icy                           1 occurrences
confrontation                 1 occurrences
masks                         1 occurrences
conferenceand                 1 occurrences
sealed                        1 occurrences
stem                          1 occurrences
liddell                       1 occurrences
depended                      1 occurrences
drivethere                    1 occurrences
senatemueller                 1 occurrences
treaum                        1 occurrences
shards                        1 occurrences
coursemy                      1 occurrences
blumenthal                    1 occurrences
yearthis                      1 occurrences
offline                       1 occurrences
masher                        1 occurrences
reprint                       1 occurrences
bonfire                       1 occurrences
clarifications                1 occurrences
carlsonvia                    1 occurrences
respondedin                   1 occurrences
loony                         1 occurrences
peanut                        1 occurrences
flushing                      1 occurrences
stir                          1 occurrences
socks                         1 occurrences
caughtgleason                 1 occurrences
mccabeinvestigative           1 occurrences
shockingly                    1 occurrences
benchsotomayor                1 occurrences
poplar                        1 occurrences
monologue                     1 occurrences
oral                          1 occurrences
leftindiana                   1 occurrences
yorktown                      1 occurrences
rollselections                1 occurrences
testimonies                   1 occurrences
informationaccording          1 occurrences
replies                       1 occurrences
impressive                    1 occurrences
docs                          1 occurrences
pictwittercomjmnethormx       1 occurrences
contemplating                 1 occurrences
cheating                      1 occurrences
answershint                   1 occurrences
nationalism                   1 occurrences
subordinates                  1 occurrences
travelled                     1 occurrences
recordson                     1 occurrences
courierjournal                1 occurrences
herepreisdent                 1 occurrences
nationalist                   1 occurrences
arrange                       1 occurrences
emoluments                    1 occurrences
thinkpresident                1 occurrences
magical                       1 occurrences
areadudley                    1 occurrences
mismanagement                 1 occurrences
iid                           1 occurrences
jenna                         1 occurrences
advantages                    1 occurrences
vend                          1 occurrences
thousand                      1 occurrences
cambridge                     1 occurrences
mason                         1 occurrences
lined                         1 occurrences
treaty                        1 occurrences
arsenals                      1 occurrences
bound                         1 occurrences
obamaadministration           1 occurrences
attribute                     1 occurrences
rammed                        1 occurrences
greattillerson                1 occurrences
seventh                       1 occurrences
irbm                          1 occurrences
comin                         1 occurrences
courthouse                    1 occurrences
megawatts                     1 occurrences
yesorrin                      1 occurrences
utilize                       1 occurrences
showschool                    1 occurrences
sharpton                      1 occurrences
residentstensions             1 occurrences
saidafter                     1 occurrences
wordswhile                    1 occurrences
stunningat                    1 occurrences
fightsmy                      1 occurrences
screenings                    1 occurrences
agitated                      1 occurrences
metal                         1 occurrences
abbreviation                  1 occurrences
forefinger                    1 occurrences
billhere                      1 occurrences
freebiesthis                  1 occurrences
threatin                      1 occurrences
vigilance                     1 occurrences
discouraging                  1 occurrences
mara                          1 occurrences
saythe                        1 occurrences
mayo                          1 occurrences
reshapes                      1 occurrences
prettysee                     1 occurrences
nowmccarthy                   1 occurrences
buildingbut                   1 occurrences
overarching                   1 occurrences
rahul                         1 occurrences
jeopardize                    1 occurrences
largebodied                   1 occurrences
earn                          1 occurrences
warmingread                   1 occurrences
ears                          1 occurrences
entitiesthe                   1 occurrences
strikingly                    1 occurrences
naked                         1 occurrences
sessionin                     1 occurrences
reformersoppressive           1 occurrences
scaliserepublican             1 occurrences
resistancenearmeorg           1 occurrences
crossreferences               1 occurrences
napolitan                     1 occurrences
limpwristed                   1 occurrences
technologytaxpayers           1 occurrences
electionsrussian              1 occurrences
pertains                      1 occurrences
unattended                    1 occurrences
cienfuegos                    1 occurrences
deadlier                      1 occurrences
widelyknown                   1 occurrences
antakya                       1 occurrences
histories                     1 occurrences
goingit                       1 occurrences
markers                       1 occurrences
debating                      1 occurrences
labour                        1 occurrences
glenwood                      1 occurrences
imt                           1 occurrences
americanswarren               1 occurrences
pictwittercomstvfdotmab       1 occurrences
bribes                        1 occurrences
contributors                  1 occurrences
monthfood                     1 occurrences
dame                          1 occurrences
thenassistant                 1 occurrences
ing                           1 occurrences
colloquial                    1 occurrences
saidlater                     1 occurrences
basisvia                      1 occurrences
lowercoverage                 1 occurrences
percentthe                    1 occurrences
dams                          1 occurrences
petroleum                     1 occurrences
orderthe                      1 occurrences
buzzfeedthe                   1 occurrences
metro                         1 occurrences
dana                          1 occurrences
electionsfrom                 1 occurrences
coverings                     1 occurrences
dubois                        1 occurrences
scandalread                   1 occurrences
kneeling                      1 occurrences
mathur                        1 occurrences
screener                      1 occurrences
backfired                     1 occurrences
immunityin                    1 occurrences
squarethe                     1 occurrences
merrick                       1 occurrences
misses                        1 occurrences
administrationin              1 occurrences
urgently                      1 occurrences
administrationhe              1 occurrences
worldq                        1 occurrences
benefitdetermination          1 occurrences
prejudice                     1 occurrences
accomplishments               1 occurrences
campaigna                     1 occurrences
liberation                    1 occurrences
irgc                          1 occurrences
repeatedlyher                 1 occurrences
capitolinaugural              1 occurrences
complication                  1 occurrences
dependable                    1 occurrences
shouts                        1 occurrences
peoplenearly                  1 occurrences
sincere                       1 occurrences
stinging                      1 occurrences
ind                           1 occurrences
furnishings                   1 occurrences
africans                      1 occurrences
trailing                      1 occurrences
scarytake                     1 occurrences
earththis                     1 occurrences
tpmwatch                      1 occurrences
alienssenior                  1 occurrences
statecontrolled               1 occurrences
assumptions                   1 occurrences
testifyagain                  1 occurrences
underscored                   1 occurrences
disproportionate              1 occurrences
pinpoint                      1 occurrences
airline                       1 occurrences
wellrespected                 1 occurrences
onewatch                      1 occurrences
drums                         1 occurrences
californiain                  1 occurrences
statecity                     1 occurrences
easethese                     1 occurrences
bosnia                        1 occurrences
donnelly                      1 occurrences
sharps                        1 occurrences
pooled                        1 occurrences
firsta                        1 occurrences
linkage                       1 occurrences
dare                          1 occurrences
unbiased                      1 occurrences
cake                          1 occurrences
firsts                        1 occurrences
lawalthough                   1 occurrences
congressthe                   1 occurrences
castigated                    1 occurrences
antiimmigrant                 1 occurrences
nightpresident                1 occurrences
odds                          1 occurrences
capturing                     1 occurrences
missteps                      1 occurrences
advise                        1 occurrences
ita                           1 occurrences
uplike                        1 occurrences
photographs                   1 occurrences
displeasure                   1 occurrences
scammer                       1 occurrences
calm                          1 occurrences
racket                        1 occurrences
juror                         1 occurrences
dysfunctionalthis             1 occurrences
unexpected                    1 occurrences
twisting                      1 occurrences
transporting                  1 occurrences
commentdemocrats              1 occurrences
clientvia                     1 occurrences
marrying                      1 occurrences
reverence                     1 occurrences
nonus                         1 occurrences
mentally                      1 occurrences
hypocrite                     1 occurrences
heroin                        1 occurrences
falsevia                      1 occurrences
hunter                        1 occurrences
endmayor                      1 occurrences
divisiveness                  1 occurrences
securities                    1 occurrences
giggled                       1 occurrences
wardear                       1 occurrences
tarnished                     1 occurrences
jewish                        1 occurrences
terabytes                     1 occurrences
roundtable                    1 occurrences
newsletter                    1 occurrences
guatemalans                   1 occurrences
winnersthe                    1 occurrences
mohmed                        1 occurrences
ultraconservative             1 occurrences
breaden                       1 occurrences
weekstuition                  1 occurrences
merciless                     1 occurrences
certifying                    1 occurrences
iron                          1 occurrences
possessor                     1 occurrences
comeyadditionally             1 occurrences
weddinghere                   1 occurrences
unaccounted                   1 occurrences
postcold                      1 occurrences
organ                         1 occurrences
complexespeople               1 occurrences
youssef                       1 occurrences
employ                        1 occurrences
richmandoes                   1 occurrences
weeksacramento                1 occurrences
disapproves                   1 occurrences
possibletruepunditcom         1 occurrences
gray                          1 occurrences
lawmakerawan                  1 occurrences
aldenea                       1 occurrences
cajon                         1 occurrences
concurring                    1 occurrences
memorandumbefore              1 occurrences
updatehurricane               1 occurrences
beleaguered                   1 occurrences
moderated                     1 occurrences
hierarchy                     1 occurrences
thishere                      1 occurrences
pretend                       1 occurrences
prioritize                    1 occurrences
divorce                       1 occurrences
caps                          1 occurrences
citizensone                   1 occurrences
tuesdaypresident              1 occurrences
businesshere                  1 occurrences
technically                   1 occurrences
industrycongress              1 occurrences
informationthat               1 occurrences
bait                          1 occurrences
circumvents                   1 occurrences
spaulding                     1 occurrences
predawn                       1 occurrences
involvedbut                   1 occurrences
misinterpreted                1 occurrences
culminated                    1 occurrences
vancouver                     1 occurrences
steaming                      1 occurrences
rear                          1 occurrences
behaviorthis                  1 occurrences
governmentali                 1 occurrences
decay                         1 occurrences
benghaziit                    1 occurrences
paperwork                     1 occurrences
trumpbad                      1 occurrences
boatnearly                    1 occurrences
drains                        1 occurrences
roaring                       1 occurrences
amencoons                     1 occurrences
propertyboth                  1 occurrences
ebay                          1 occurrences
immigrationwaters             1 occurrences
behaves                       1 occurrences
russiarussia                  1 occurrences
unpredictability              1 occurrences
garland                       1 occurrences
sadlowski                     1 occurrences
fromnunes                     1 occurrences
backs                         1 occurrences
drudgereportcom               1 occurrences
reap                          1 occurrences
talihina                      1 occurrences
ipadwikileaks                 1 occurrences
steer                         1 occurrences
imprinted                     1 occurrences
delusional                    1 occurrences
carjanuary                    1 occurrences
cass                          1 occurrences
publicinstead                 1 occurrences
protestor                     1 occurrences
framers                       1 occurrences
grey                          1 occurrences
deathnow                      1 occurrences
prevailing                    1 occurrences
stonewalling                  1 occurrences
thisa                         1 occurrences
bama                          1 occurrences
abandoned                     1 occurrences
chucktodd                     1 occurrences
tshirts                       1 occurrences
otay                          1 occurrences
documentsin                   1 occurrences
chimed                        1 occurrences
tulsa                         1 occurrences
obscurehere                   1 occurrences
mogul                         1 occurrences
nonbinding                    1 occurrences
wanthe                        1 occurrences
programearlier                1 occurrences
backwardsjapan                1 occurrences
eastwe                        1 occurrences
matterlos                     1 occurrences
squashed                      1 occurrences
communicationsa               1 occurrences
stavridis                     1 occurrences
newsfull                      1 occurrences
readily                       1 occurrences
economist                     1 occurrences
octoberthe                    1 occurrences
closeddoor                    1 occurrences
radically                     1 occurrences
illnesses                     1 occurrences
convincing                    1 occurrences
saidfortune                   1 occurrences
hypocrites                    1 occurrences
optimism                      1 occurrences
elliott                       1 occurrences
smokes                        1 occurrences
hondurans                     1 occurrences
instagram                     1 occurrences
consensus                     1 occurrences
bendan                        1 occurrences
replicas                      1 occurrences
findingsillegal               1 occurrences
highpowered                   1 occurrences
youngsters                    1 occurrences
authorityaccording            1 occurrences
emailsthe                     1 occurrences
blurb                         1 occurrences
cronyism                      1 occurrences
precisely                     1 occurrences
simmer                        1 occurrences
cliques                       1 occurrences
jokesters                     1 occurrences
constructionformer            1 occurrences
sherrod                       1 occurrences
uraniumwhen                   1 occurrences
corporationvia                1 occurrences
weaponization                 1 occurrences
generalus                     1 occurrences
grid                          1 occurrences
mepfuller                     1 occurrences
deescalation                  1 occurrences
backtracking                  1 occurrences
exactlyfacebook               1 occurrences
bombastic                     1 occurrences
sens                          1 occurrences
mediamccain                   1 occurrences
societythe                    1 occurrences
belowdo                       1 occurrences
suck                          1 occurrences
elsebut                       1 occurrences
mccarthyonce                  1 occurrences
zillow                        1 occurrences
shred                         1 occurrences
unindicted                    1 occurrences
loosened                      1 occurrences
bases                         1 occurrences
nelva                         1 occurrences
warships                      1 occurrences
sensations                    1 occurrences
countriesfor                  1 occurrences
probeofficials                1 occurrences
mcmullin                      1 occurrences
restrictionsthe               1 occurrences
stein                         1 occurrences
ultranationalist              1 occurrences
theremuslim                   1 occurrences
yul                           1 occurrences
patient                       1 occurrences
caseliberalleaning            1 occurrences
seminar                       1 occurrences
todaylast                     1 occurrences
scams                         1 occurrences
staking                       1 occurrences
translation                   1 occurrences
flailing                      1 occurrences
panels                        1 occurrences
memberssoros                  1 occurrences
documentswithin               1 occurrences
barn                          1 occurrences
socialists                    1 occurrences
seeksno                       1 occurrences
