Government-related articles: 1570

obama               1852 occurrences
years               642 occurrences
record              95 occurrences
food                316 occurrences
stamp               102 occurrences
usage               10 occurrences
president           1482 occurrences
trump               1030 occurrences
pushing             41 occurrences
new                 911 occurrences
initiatives         10 occurrences
get                 564 occurrences
people              1346 occurrences
off                 311 occurrences
government          1084 occurrences
dole                3 occurrences
number              295 occurrences
higher              88 occurrences
million             517 occurrences
alltime             10 occurrences
high                147 occurrences
see                 383 occurrences
explosion           5 occurrences
graph               4 occurrences
below               139 occurrences
fraud               137 occurrences
program             431 occurrences
rampant             13 occurrences
easy                50 occurrences
commit              32 occurrences
become              175 occurrences
global              147 occurrences
magnet              6 occurrences
grifters            12 occurrences
immigrate           4 occurrences
set                 175 occurrences
shop                11 occurrences
cash                82 occurrences
money               409 occurrences
stamps              56 occurrences
ripe                2 occurrences
reform              73 occurrences
disturbing          33 occurrences
very                428 occurrences
lenient             3 occurrences
penalty             28 occurrences
crime               140 occurrences
fraudsters          3 occurrences
usually             38 occurrences
given               205 occurrences
light               60 occurrences
jail                55 occurrences
sentence            37 occurrences
ordered             72 occurrences
pay                 217 occurrences
back                451 occurrences
problem             157 occurrences
probably            80 occurrences
gone                67 occurrences
overseas            28 occurrences
never               331 occurrences
paid                141 occurrences
fade                3 occurrences
woodwork            2 occurrences
resurface           2 occurrences
reoffend            1 occurrences
top                 210 occurrences
cases               136 occurrences
belowthe            3 occurrences
stampsthis          1 occurrences
reoffendthe         1 occurrences
federallyfunded     3 occurrences
administered        6 occurrences
department          784 occurrences
agriculture         34 occurrences
usda                47 occurrences
federal             730 occurrences
investigators       61 occurrences
often               110 occurrences
ones                42 occurrences
catch               19 occurrences
engaged             37 occurrences
fraudulent          19 occurrences
activitiesinvestigators1 occurrences
uncover             5 occurrences
millions            154 occurrences
dollars             167 occurrences
worth               66 occurrences
mostly              65 occurrences
run                 130 occurrences
convenience         20 occurrences
stores              26 occurrences
lowincome           32 occurrences
areas               81 occurrences
patrons             3 occurrences
receive             58 occurrences
through             359 occurrences
supplemental        23 occurrences
nutrition           37 occurrences
assistance          97 occurrences
snapto              1 occurrences
show                209 occurrences
criminals           56 occurrences
taken               157 occurrences
away                165 occurrences
here                450 occurrences
biggest             80 occurrences
takedowns           2 occurrences
common              81 occurrences
ohio                30 occurrences
store               78 occurrences
owner               56 occurrences
sentenced           58 occurrences
months              185 occurrences
prison              105 occurrences
frauda              2 occurrences
former              427 occurrences
caught              49 occurrences
carrying            35 occurrences
scheme              37 occurrences
allowed             124 occurrences
benefit             53 occurrences
recipients          40 occurrences
exchange            80 occurrences
cashthe             2 occurrences
revealed            81 occurrences
audit               28 occurrences
breaden             1 occurrences
market              135 occurrences
cashed              1 occurrences
snap                59 occurrences
benefits            147 occurrences
ten                 25 occurrences
times               266 occurrences
amount              71 occurrences
larger              36 occurrences
area                118 occurrences
raising             27 occurrences
red                 65 occurrences
flags               46 occurrences
among               224 occurrences
investigatorsa      1 occurrences
judge               234 occurrences
eventually          36 occurrences
convicted           63 occurrences
george              90 occurrences
rafidi              1 occurrences
february            72 occurrences
florida             90 occurrences
discover            5 occurrences
fraudthe            3 occurrences
agency              304 occurrences
uncovered           17 occurrences
majority            122 occurrences
paging              1 occurrences
applications        37 occurrences
stating             19 occurrences
household           12 occurrences
baltimore           81 occurrences
man                 234 occurrences
four                233 occurrences
slapped             3 occurrences
fouryear            10 occurrences
fraudmohammad       1 occurrences
shafiq              7 occurrences
baltimorearea       1 occurrences
retailers           16 occurrences
exchanged           11 occurrences
serve               71 occurrences
three               308 occurrences
supervised          10 occurrences
release             154 occurrences
following           119 occurrences
end                 198 occurrences
wisconsin           60 occurrences
men                 203 occurrences
carried             38 occurrences
hard                143 occurrences
timea               3 occurrences
milwaukee           24 occurrences
owners              49 occurrences
kanwar              1 occurrences
gill                2 occurrences
raviinder           1 occurrences
nance               1 occurrences
terms               62 occurrences
ranging             7 occurrences
october             120 occurrences
found               281 occurrences
guilty              54 occurrences
exchanging          5 occurrences
benefitstheir       1 occurrences
quick               17 occurrences
authorized          34 occurrences
retailer            10 occurrences
accepts             5 occurrences
redeemed            19 occurrences
far                 187 occurrences
beyond              62 occurrences
small               97 occurrences
expected            106 occurrences
redeemrecords       1 occurrences
fraudulently        9 occurrences
earned              31 occurrences
iraqi               41 occurrences
immigrant           92 occurrences
pleaded             15 occurrences
november            87 occurrences
conspiring          6 occurrences
others              159 occurrences
defraud             3 occurrences
governmentali       1 occurrences
ratib               1 occurrences
daham               1 occurrences
maine               14 occurrences
gave                138 occurrences
customers           32 occurrences
women               206 occurrences
infant              8 occurrences
children            254 occurrences
wic                 1 occurrences
full                109 occurrences
value               57 occurrences
obtain              20 occurrences
fraudulentlythe     1 occurrences
naturalized         1 occurrences
citizen             50 occurrences
face                127 occurrences
harsh               11 occurrences
faces               24 occurrences
behind              118 occurrences
bars                11 occurrences
likely              151 occurrences
governmentvia       2 occurrences
breitbart           162 occurrences
please              72 occurrences
previous            81 occurrences
report              363 occurrences
mccain              87 occurrences
institute           65 occurrences
associate           22 occurrences
subpoenaed          12 occurrences
house               825 occurrences
intel               35 occurrences
committee           325 occurrences
david               65 occurrences
kramer              6 occurrences
hot                 31 occurrences
water               145 occurrences
same                313 occurrences
reason              117 occurrences
issuing             15 occurrences
subpoenahe          1 occurrences
previously          93 occurrences
lawyers             68 occurrences
russian             270 occurrences
tech                20 occurrences
executive           187 occurrences
suing               18 occurrences
buzzfeed            16 occurrences
guy                 94 occurrences
refuses             16 occurrences
give                222 occurrences
information         432 occurrences
sources             115 occurrences
dirty               25 occurrences
dossier             58 occurrences
raises              16 occurrences
question            172 occurrences
fictional           4 occurrences
used                321 occurrences
build               79 occurrences
fake                58 occurrences
case                364 occurrences
against             632 occurrences
tweeted             33 occurrences
pile                2 occurrences
garbage             2 occurrences
make                482 occurrences
fisa                7 occurrences
warrant             28 occurrences
spy                 39 occurrences
potus               15 occurrences
plot                20 occurrences
thickens            8 occurrences
daily               221 occurrences
caller              89 occurrences
reports             175 occurrences
intelligence        202 occurrences
issued              122 occurrences
subpoena            24 occurrences
arizona             69 occurrences
sen                 136 occurrences
john                278 occurrences
last                511 occurrences
week                272 occurrences
knows               76 occurrences
names               45 occurrences
british             53 occurrences
christopher         41 occurrences
steele              25 occurrences
infamous            10 occurrences
dossiera            1 occurrences
congressional       148 occurrences
source              165 occurrences
tells               53 occurrences
california          143 occurrences
rep                 168 occurrences
devin               9 occurrences
nunes               17 occurrences
wednesday           176 occurrences
state               1229 occurrences
officialkramer      1 occurrences
refused             76 occurrences
divulge             3 occurrences
during              450 occurrences
dec                 23 occurrences
interview           172 occurrences
panel               41 occurrences
sayssteele          1 occurrences
gather              13 occurrences
campaign            274 occurrences
donald              240 occurrences
activities          63 occurrences
russia              221 occurrences
exspy               3 occurrences
working             205 occurrences
fusion              33 occurrences
gps                 30 occurrences
opposition          79 occurrences
research            73 occurrences
firm                80 occurrences
payroll             21 occurrences
clinton             1056 occurrences
democratic          223 occurrences
national            584 occurrences
committeeour        1 occurrences
spill               25 occurrences
beans               3 occurrences
publishing          3 occurrences
say                 450 occurrences
longtime            29 occurrences
major               141 occurrences
news                606 occurrences
outlets             14 occurrences
resisting           7 occurrences
subpoenas           22 occurrences
seeking             70 occurrences
depositions         2 occurrences
casein              2 occurrences
brief               34 occurrences
filed               94 occurrences
court               568 occurrences
late                106 occurrences
aleksej             2 occurrences
gubarev             5 occurrences
claim               113 occurrences
pictured            15 occurrences
official            274 occurrences
seemingly           11 occurrences
avoiding            6 occurrences
service             196 occurrences
deposition          5 occurrences
weeksplease         1 occurrences
curious             11 occurrences
input               15 occurrences
reasoncom           1 occurrences
put                 245 occurrences
july                136 occurrences
regarding           64 occurrences
involvement         27 occurrences
getting             136 occurrences
hands               79 occurrences
press               219 occurrences
york                236 occurrences
wall                116 occurrences
street              100 occurrences
journal             55 occurrences
challenging         16 occurrences
served              90 occurrences
part                323 occurrences
casegubarev         1 occurrences
attempting          40 occurrences
find                195 occurrences
salacious           1 occurrences
website             93 occurrences
published           61 occurrences
controversy         33 occurrences
jan                 37 occurrences
written             50 occurrences
alleges             9 occurrences
companies           128 occurrences
xbt                 1 occurrences
holdings            4 occurrences
webzilla            1 occurrences
spam                1 occurrences
viruses             3 occurrences
porn                1 occurrences
bots                1 occurrences
hack                27 occurrences
dnc                 76 occurrences
computer            67 occurrences
systems             52 occurrences
vehemently          8 occurrences
denies              9 occurrences
allegationsgubarev  1 occurrences
attorneys           42 occurrences
identifying         10 occurrences
shed                15 occurrences
whether             253 occurrences
outlet              9 occurrences
warned              73 occurrences
false               44 occurrences
argue               27 occurrences
despite             103 occurrences
such                384 occurrences
warnings            12 occurrences
reckless            24 occurrences
disregard           18 occurrences
truth               117 occurrences
falsity             1 occurrences
defended            24 occurrences
decision            202 occurrences
publish             12 occurrences
financed            4 occurrences
commissioned        9 occurrences
demands             39 occurrences
team                114 occurrences
identify            38 occurrences
grounds             34 occurrences
violate             34 occurrences
first               666 occurrences
amendment           102 occurrences
protections         24 occurrences
newsgathering       1 occurrences
organizationvia     1 occurrences
callerreason        1 occurrences
mystery             15 occurrences
surrounding         37 occurrences
buzzfeeddid         1 occurrences
controversial       66 occurrences
lobbying            37 occurrences
group               406 occurrences
conspire            2 occurrences
pee                 1 occurrences
pressa              1 occurrences
lawsuit             86 occurrences
making              177 occurrences
hopes               23 occurrences
determine           42 occurrences
role                116 occurrences
senator             146 occurrences
associates          21 occurrences
lurid               2 occurrences
publicnew           1 occurrences
filings             12 occurrences
obtained            67 occurrences
mcclatchy           2 occurrences
detail              30 occurrences
employed            45 occurrences
nonprofit           38 occurrences
purportedly         7 occurrences
nonpolitical        3 occurrences
acted               18 occurrences
representative      44 occurrences
dealings            12 occurrences
sensitive           68 occurrences
measuresaccording   1 occurrences
document            67 occurrences
counsel             70 occurrences
defendants          42 occurrences
orbis               2 occurrences
repeatedly          57 occurrences
point               150 occurrences
rariz               10 occurrences
vocal               12 occurrences
critic              6 occurrences
handful             15 occurrences
known               179 occurrences
copies              15 occurrences
circulated          6 occurrences
journalists         17 occurrences
read                254 occurrences
mcclatchyit         1 occurrences
reveals             24 occurrences
few                 176 occurrences
whom                59 occurrences
author              32 occurrences
exbritish           2 occurrences
shared              59 occurrences
copy                25 occurrences
final               91 occurrences
findings            20 occurrences
publication         6 occurrences
buzzfeedthe         1 occurrences
priceless           4 occurrences
video               257 occurrences
shows               113 occurrences
control             190 occurrences
left                301 occurrences
comes               147 occurrences
corruption          58 occurrences
within              150 occurrences
fbi                 604 occurrences
dojwhen             1 occurrences
republican          301 occurrences
lawmaker            13 occurrences
called              310 occurrences
purge               9 occurrences
deep                47 occurrences
elements            8 occurrences
justice             411 occurrences
msnbc               20 occurrences
host                50 occurrences
hallie              3 occurrences
jackson             33 occurrences
clearly             86 occurrences
agitated            4 occurrences
shocked             25 occurrences
concerned           63 occurrences
doj                 83 occurrences
call                215 occurrences
rails               4 occurrences
francis             24 occurrences
rooney              7 occurrences
stated              87 occurrences
cited               32 occurrences
reasons             78 occurrences
concern             63 occurrences
antitrump           21 occurrences
bias                20 occurrences
demotion            1 occurrences
bruce               5 occurrences
ohr                 1 occurrences
examples            24 occurrences
gavejackson         1 occurrences
shot                102 occurrences
congressman         41 occurrences
something           192 occurrences
okay                18 occurrences
talking             83 occurrences
does                325 occurrences
sort                32 occurrences
undermine           16 occurrences
work                369 occurrences
agencies            133 occurrences
doing               209 occurrences
discredit           11 occurrences
directors           3 occurrences
look                158 occurrences
lot                 95 occurrences
great               228 occurrences
agents              203 occurrences
american            785 occurrences
know                516 occurrences
good                294 occurrences
works               49 occurrences
being               640 occurrences
done                136 occurrences
kind                115 occurrences
responded           48 occurrences
language            66 occurrences
well                334 occurrences
think               434 occurrences
strzok              9 occurrences
purged              2 occurrences
sure                141 occurrences
might               175 occurrences
weeks               99 occurrences
heard               86 occurrences
propaganda          32 occurrences
points              52 occurrences
going               461 occurrences
trick               6 occurrences
americans           462 occurrences
tax                 227 occurrences
cuts                37 occurrences
cbs                 36 occurrences
lost                83 occurrences
narratives          5 occurrences
todaydespite        1 occurrences
earnest             20 occurrences
efforts             130 occurrences
forced              92 occurrences
broadcast           15 occurrences
financial           139 occurrences
results             51 occurrences
families            153 occurrences
planthe             3 occurrences
weekslong           2 occurrences
media               351 occurrences
spin                4 occurrences
ran                 58 occurrences
reality             44 occurrences
asked               271 occurrences
accountant          1 occurrences
crunch              1 occurrences
numbers             93 occurrences
saving              12 occurrences
tony                14 occurrences
dokoupil            1 occurrences
safe                70 occurrences
surprised           38 occurrences
savings             13 occurrences
bought              9 occurrences
gloom               1 occurrences
doom                3 occurrences
narrative           39 occurrences
reformhere          1 occurrences
another             351 occurrences
example             108 occurrences
brainwashed         2 occurrences
planliberal         1 occurrences
college             110 occurrences
students            111 occurrences
care                211 occurrences
plan                212 occurrences
unless              54 occurrences
course              152 occurrences
told                622 occurrences
bernie              46 occurrences
sanders             61 occurrences
came                213 occurrences
help                288 occurrences
taught              10 occurrences
trumpbad            1 occurrences
berniegood          1 occurrences
nothing             217 occurrences
else                95 occurrences
maybe               56 occurrences
teach               9 occurrences
themselves          114 occurrences
thinkpresident      1 occurrences
proposal            51 occurrences
comprehensive       24 occurrences
almost              116 occurrences
immediately         82 occurrences
dismissed           21 occurrences
heartless           2 occurrences
impractical         1 occurrences
political           423 occurrences
opponentsbut        1 occurrences
opponents           33 occurrences
proposed            65 occurrences
someone             131 occurrences
adore               1 occurrences
sandersto           1 occurrences
headed              20 occurrences
washington          360 occurrences
university          110 occurrences
ask                 86 occurrences
opinions            26 occurrences
without             274 occurrences
explanation         10 occurrences
made                464 occurrences
clear               161 occurrences
distaste            2 occurrences
efficient           7 occurrences
nor                 46 occurrences
beneficial          10 occurrences
general             356 occurrences
populus             1 occurrences
student             66 occurrences
opinion             54 occurrences
better              185 occurrences
upper               6 occurrences
class               84 occurrences
anyone              230 occurrences
added               128 occurrences
anotherafter        1 occurrences
watching            35 occurrences
express             31 occurrences
disapproval         7 occurrences
thought             119 occurrences
planimmediately     1 occurrences
expressed           32 occurrences
excitement          3 occurrences
support             309 occurrences
hearing             104 occurrences
details             86 occurrences
loved               17 occurrences
actually            143 occurrences
sread               1 occurrences
campus              27 occurrences
really              249 occurrences
interesting         42 occurrences
hear                72 occurrences
ballistic           36 occurrences
over                864 occurrences
nikki               9 occurrences
haley               18 occurrences
finally             64 occurrences
standing            65 occurrences
americamsnbc        1 occurrences
morning             127 occurrences
joe                 79 occurrences
friday              174 occurrences
lashed              4 occurrences
ambassador          71 occurrences
united              726 occurrences
nations             207 occurrences
speech              210 occurrences
assembly            24 occurrences
prior               58 occurrences
day                 359 occurrences
criticized          43 occurrences
countries           231 occurrences
supported           47 occurrences
resolution          42 occurrences
condemning          4 occurrences
recognize           29 occurrences
jerusalem           15 occurrences
israel              54 occurrences
capitalhaley        1 occurrences
castigated          1 occurrences
thursday            162 occurrences
international       158 occurrences
body                70 occurrences
backed              28 occurrences
nonbinding          1 occurrences
reject              15 occurrences
states              808 occurrences
remember            77 occurrences
singled             6 occurrences
attack              198 occurrences
threatening         38 occurrences
cut                 77 occurrences
funding             128 occurrences
upon                72 occurrences
once                168 occurrences
again               184 occurrences
world               412 occurrences
largest             89 occurrences
contribution        6 occurrences
member              135 occurrences
even                592 occurrences
use                 360 occurrences
influence           62 occurrences
took                236 occurrences
issue               199 occurrences
remarks             49 occurrences
stood               37 occurrences
strong              106 occurrences
freeloading         4 occurrences
notice              34 occurrences
bravo               5 occurrences
wfb                 47 occurrences
recused             5 occurrences
herself             37 occurrences
second              144 occurrences
involving           58 occurrences
gpstanya            1 occurrences
chutkan             3 occurrences
appointee           16 occurrences
monday              136 occurrences
dispute             15 occurrences
dossierthis         1 occurrences
changeorg           2 occurrences
petition            22 occurrences
calling             128 occurrences
impeachmenta        1 occurrences
supporter           28 occurrences
comment             67 occurrences
present             52 occurrences
danger              35 occurrences
country             616 occurrences
chutkin             3 occurrences
needs               116 occurrences
duty                33 occurrences
sworn               11 occurrences
oath                23 occurrences
evidence            162 occurrences
pertaining          6 occurrences
imran               21 occurrences
awan                21 occurrences
hina                6 occurrences
alvi                7 occurrences
stands              38 occurrences
today               261 occurrences
protect             132 occurrences
interests           82 occurrences
lives               161 occurrences
citizens            200 occurrences
shoulder            5 occurrences
removal             42 occurrences
impeachment         35 occurrences
district            126 occurrences
tanya               1 occurrences
accused             87 occurrences
hacking             20 occurrences
democrats           228 occurrences
sought              42 occurrences
records             208 occurrences
depose              1 occurrences
employees           147 occurrences
dossiergubarev      1 occurrences
defamation          3 occurrences
earlier             112 occurrences
year                582 occurrences
allegations         28 occurrences
laid                33 occurrences
steelechutkan       1 occurrences
month               157 occurrences
suit                19 occurrences
bank                73 occurrences
keep                196 occurrences
complying           9 occurrences
recordschutkan      1 occurrences
presided            6 occurrences
oct                 21 occurrences
nov                 19 occurrences
reassigned          3 occurrences
richard             31 occurrences
leon                3 occurrences
bush                58 occurrences
taking              138 occurrences
indicated           23 occurrences
plans               111 occurrences
allow               114 occurrences
transparency        17 occurrences
proceedings         14 occurrences
battle              53 occurrences
several             209 occurrences
documents           241 occurrences
unsealed            5 occurrences
publicchutkan       1 occurrences
aug                 12 occurrences
replacement         31 occurrences
trevor              3 occurrences
mcfadden            2 occurrences
assumed             7 occurrences
office              377 occurrences
octoberthe          2 occurrences
recusals            1 occurrences
remain              73 occurrences
recusal             2 occurrences
medical             88 occurrences
technology          55 occurrences
represented         20 occurrences
reasonin            1 occurrences
yet                 173 occurrences
hand                75 occurrences
everything          134 occurrences
agenciesread        1 occurrences
suspicious          21 occurrences
administration      593 occurrences
hillary             606 occurrences
clintonvia          1 occurrences
free                250 occurrences
beacon              17 occurrences
secretary           326 occurrences
struck              19 occurrences
deal                325 occurrences
serving             46 occurrences
take                405 occurrences
ownership           18 occurrences
public              507 occurrences
according           543 occurrences
recently            136 occurrences
released            268 occurrences
reportsclinton      1 occurrences
thendeputy          2 occurrences
chief               155 occurrences
staff               152 occurrences
huma                19 occurrences
abedin              44 occurrences
permitted           24 occurrences
remove              52 occurrences
electronic          25 occurrences
physical            41 occurrences
under               489 occurrences
personal            158 occurrences
materials           21 occurrences
unclassified        12 occurrences
nonrecord           3 occurrences
judicial            139 occurrences
watch               231 occurrences
revelation          15 occurrences
filing              15 occurrences
foia                31 occurrences
request             90 occurrences
obtaining           18 occurrences
agreementthe        1 occurrences
newly               34 occurrences
related             98 occurrences
particular          46 occurrences
calls               93 occurrences
schedules           14 occurrences
instance            28 occurrences
five                159 occurrences
boxes               17 occurrences
files               36 occurrences
including           377 occurrences
labeled             12 occurrences
muslim              354 occurrences
engagement          10 occurrences
included            90 occurrences
list                123 occurrences
designated          16 occurrences
understanding       14 occurrences
word                67 occurrences
versions            6 occurrences
nonrecords          1 occurrences
speechespress       1 occurrences
statementsphotos    1 occurrences
schedule            34 occurrences
non                 6 occurrences
log                 5 occurrences
clips               4 occurrences
agenda              119 occurrences
activitieselectronic1 occurrences
logged              3 occurrences
elsewhere           16 occurrences
logelectronic       1 occurrences
grid                9 occurrences
running             99 occurrences
wants               103 occurrences
both                274 occurrences
thru                2 occurrences
tenure              42 occurrences
miscellaneous       3 occurrences
flotus              7 occurrences
senatorprior        1 occurrences
box                 17 occurrences
reimbursable        1 occurrences
receipts            3 occurrences
sticky              1 occurrences
fingers             11 occurrences
clintona            1 occurrences
file                37 occurrences
gifts               12 occurrences
pictures            18 occurrences
handed              24 occurrences
received            151 occurrences
highly              49 occurrences
regulated           4 occurrences
strictly            7 occurrences
limited             57 occurrences
however             177 occurrences
motivated           17 occurrences
family              364 occurrences
relationship        42 occurrences
friendship          9 occurrences
accepted            20 occurrences
limitation          3 occurrences
reporting           37 occurrences
basically           45 occurrences
taxpayer            105 occurrences
started             102 occurrences
bonfire             1 occurrences
fact                230 occurrences
key                 70 occurrences
severely            14 occurrences
compromised         19 occurrences
witch               9 occurrences
hunt                29 occurrences
fired               83 occurrences
investigator        20 occurrences
wasn                98 occurrences
moved               62 occurrences
human               201 occurrences
resources           57 occurrences
comeypeter          1 occurrences
sent                160 occurrences
messages            41 occurrences
girlfriend          9 occurrences
aka                 6 occurrences
mistress            2 occurrences
comeymccabe         1 occurrences
handled             16 occurrences
inside              75 occurrences
alongside           23 occurrences
mccabe              78 occurrences
handpicked          6 occurrences
comey               131 occurrences
email               299 occurrences
investigation       359 occurrences
mueller             54 occurrences
senior              151 occurrences
investigative       28 occurrences
coincidences        1 occurrences
simply              101 occurrences
exist               24 occurrences
burning             19 occurrences
hardearned          2 occurrences
dollarsthe          1 occurrences
tuesday             187 occurrences
nearly              141 occurrences
spent               136 occurrences
meddling            10 occurrences
presidential        238 occurrences
electionthe         2 occurrences
costs               105 occurrences
cover               65 occurrences
fivemonth           1 occurrences
period              53 occurrences
appointed           33 occurrences
robert              50 occurrences
special             224 occurrences
sept                28 occurrences
fiscal              62 occurrences
cnn                 126 occurrences
reportsdeputy       1 occurrences
attorney            267 occurrences
rod                 17 occurrences
rosentstein         1 occurrences
budget              92 occurrences
probethe            3 occurrences
expenditures        9 occurrences
divided             15 occurrences
main                65 occurrences
categories          10 occurrences
approximately       31 occurrences
additional          69 occurrences
components          4 occurrences
marks               5 occurrences
time                681 occurrences
learned             43 occurrences
investigationcongress1 occurrences
investigating       41 occurrences
interference        31 occurrences
election            215 occurrences
multiple            56 occurrences
committees          21 occurrences
conducting          17 occurrences
own                 341 occurrences
probes              6 occurrences
senatemueller       1 occurrences
resulted            20 occurrences
security            624 occurrences
adviser             51 occurrences
michael             63 occurrences
flynn               43 occurrences
pleading            9 occurrences
lying               60 occurrences
contacts            15 occurrences
indictment          16 occurrences
manager             30 occurrences
paul                117 occurrences
manafort            12 occurrences
along               145 occurrences
business            226 occurrences
winner              8 occurrences
america             697 occurrences
supreme             202 occurrences
ruled               44 occurrences
favor               43 occurrences
travel              85 occurrences
ban                 66 occurrences
guess               29 occurrences
voted               93 occurrences
justices            33 occurrences
ruth                18 occurrences
bader               7 occurrences
ginsburg            9 occurrences
sonia               7 occurrences
sotomayor           16 occurrences
lower               58 occurrences
orders              35 occurrences
place               182 occurrences
lefty               7 occurrences
judges              25 occurrences
usfox               1 occurrences
reportshanding      1 occurrences
white               523 occurrences
huge                97 occurrences
victory             31 occurrences
affecting           7 occurrences
residents           93 occurrences
six                 104 occurrences
majoritymuslim      4 occurrences
countriesthe        5 occurrences
policy              266 occurrences
effect              59 occurrences
legal               218 occurrences
challenges          19 occurrences
haven               52 occurrences
systemthe           2 occurrences
applies             9 occurrences
syria               163 occurrences
chad                3 occurrences
iran                369 occurrences
libya               30 occurrences
somalia             16 occurrences
yemenlower          1 occurrences
courts              41 occurrences
bona                1 occurrences
fide                1 occurrences
prevented           27 occurrences
entrygrandparents   1 occurrences
cousins             1 occurrences
relatives           14 occurrences
excludedthe         1 occurrences
ninemember          1 occurrences
onepage             1 occurrences
afternoon           26 occurrences
rulings             19 occurrences
partly              7 occurrences
blocked             27 occurrences
should              580 occurrences
hold                89 occurrences
appeals             46 occurrences
richmond            2 occurrences
san                 97 occurrences
francisco           29 occurrences
caseliberalleaning  1 occurrences
placeboth           1 occurrences
scheduled           36 occurrences
arguments           15 occurrences
weekboth            1 occurrences
dealing             38 occurrences
accelerated         1 occurrences
basis               43 occurrences
noted               68 occurrences
expects             12 occurrences
reach               58 occurrences
decisions           48 occurrences
appropriate         36 occurrences
dispatch            4 occurrences
appellate           2 occurrences
decide              52 occurrences
term                73 occurrences
junetrump           1 occurrences
challenged          14 occurrences
separate            54 occurrences
lawsuits            17 occurrences
hawaii              25 occurrences
civil               145 occurrences
liberties           13 occurrences
union               122 occurrences
argued              35 occurrences
discriminates       4 occurrences
muslims             170 occurrences
immigration         391 occurrences
laws                141 occurrences
holy                16 occurrences
moly                1 occurrences
covering            26 occurrences
agent               90 occurrences
tweets              18 occurrences
bombshellthe        1 occurrences
quickly             54 occurrences
looked              30 occurrences
thousands           156 occurrences
emails              253 occurrences
weiner              12 occurrences
bet                 13 occurrences
big                 230 occurrences
correct             37 occurrences
says                365 occurrences
tatters             1 occurrences
reddit              11 occurrences
reportedour         2 occurrences
development         89 occurrences
because             749 occurrences
trust               60 occurrences
effort              163 occurrences
appear              52 occurrences
unbiased            5 occurrences
buying              28 occurrences
lead                78 occurrences
talk                108 occurrences
giving              104 occurrences
status              83 occurrences
investigationrobert 1 occurrences
kicked              12 occurrences
summer              49 occurrences
potential           64 occurrences
texts               3 occurrences
per                 136 occurrences
todayaccording      1 occurrences
peter               27 occurrences
helped              70 occurrences
played              34 occurrences
trumprussia         3 occurrences
investigationbut    2 occurrences
longer              75 occurrences
investigationmr     1 occurrences
stationed           8 occurrences
briefed             8 occurrences
transfer            29 occurrences
followed            47 occurrences
discovery           5 occurrences
text                33 occurrences
colleague           8 occurrences
reacted             6 occurrences
events              55 occurrences
debates             8 occurrences
ways                56 occurrences
antitrumpabc        1 occurrences
reported            278 occurrences
august              71 occurrences
unclear             29 occurrences
stepped             12 occurrences
dozen               37 occurrences
administrative      21 occurrences
staffers            25 occurrences
post                169 occurrences
contains            18 occurrences
rather              100 occurrences
detailsduring       1 occurrences
involved            136 occurrences
romantic            1 occurrences
lawyer              85 occurrences
lisa                16 occurrences
page                71 occurrences
worked              125 occurrences
deputy              77 occurrences
director            280 occurrences
andrew              56 occurrences
familiar            52 occurrences
matter              179 occurrences
spoke               88 occurrences
condition           30 occurrences
anonymity           18 occurrences
sensitivity         7 occurrences
issuethe            3 occurrences
extramarital        1 occurrences
affair              9 occurrences
problematic         3 occurrences
greater             40 occurrences
law                 649 occurrences
enforcement         220 occurrences
officials           409 occurrences
season              12 occurrences
sentiments          4 occurrences
comments            76 occurrences
appeared            70 occurrences
reviewing           10 occurrences
communications      40 occurrences
review              90 occurrences
result              107 occurrences
via                 350 occurrences
mediaitefbi         1 occurrences
hillaryfriday       1 occurrences
fox                 225 occurrences
channel             16 occurrences
friends             103 occurrences
matt                22 occurrences
gaetz               5 occurrences
rfl                 10 occurrences
showing             52 occurrences
nominee             84 occurrences
improper            17 occurrences
unauthorized        23 occurrences
server              134 occurrences
judiciary           51 occurrences
process             171 occurrences
afforded            5 occurrences
different           140 occurrences
follow              55 occurrences
normal              33 occurrences
standard            34 occurrences
procedures          16 occurrences
current             117 occurrences
saying              223 occurrences
headquarters        49 occurrences
goetz               5 occurrences
immediate           25 occurrences
treatment           37 occurrences
ingrahamangle       3 occurrences
pictwittercomehkqfyewdk3 occurrences
foxnews             13 occurrences
labelled            3 occurrences
mccabethe           3 occurrences
hill                66 occurrences
reportsshortly      3 occurrences
wrote               188 occurrences
account             84 occurrences
probe               67 occurrences
wednesdaymccabe     3 occurrences
highranking         7 occurrences
investigate         49 occurrences
assistant           42 occurrences
charge              81 occurrences
provided            120 occurrences
personnel           56 occurrences
referred            33 occurrences
wrotefbi            3 occurrences
night               145 occurrences
answer              94 occurrences
meant               53 occurrences
restricted          14 occurrences
began               113 occurrences
anything            158 occurrences
add                 40 occurrences
bureau              86 occurrences
spokeswoman         36 occurrences
carol               6 occurrences
cratty              3 occurrences
hillthe             7 occurrences
note                54 occurrences
contained           35 occurrences
pages               43 occurrences
site                46 occurrences
vaultthe            3 occurrences
chronicled          3 occurrences
address             115 occurrences
wife                118 occurrences
officemccabe        3 occurrences
references          12 occurrences
ammunition          20 occurrences
lawmakers           119 occurrences
critical            58 occurrences
james               92 occurrences
handling            40 occurrences
investigationremember3 occurrences
loretta             63 occurrences
lynch               117 occurrences
wanted              112 occurrences
incident            64 occurrences
looks               53 occurrences
save                54 occurrences
exposure            10 occurrences
uranium             74 occurrences
statement           236 occurrences
military            293 occurrences
combat              31 occurrences
continue            150 occurrences
extraordinarily     5 occurrences
painful             8 occurrences
endure              8 occurrences
accusations         13 occurrences
treason             10 occurrences
outrageous          24 occurrences
acts                31 occurrences
contrary            21 occurrences
ever                154 occurrences
actions             107 occurrences
acknowledged        23 occurrences
wrong               93 occurrences
faith               37 occurrences
god                 51 occurrences
things              185 occurrences
right               422 occurrences
plea                17 occurrences
agreement           127 occurrences
cooperate           10 occurrences
reflect             16 occurrences
best                167 occurrences
accept              57 occurrences
responsibility      62 occurrences
broader             21 occurrences
story               180 occurrences
entire              175 occurrences
count               36 occurrences
announced           160 occurrences
charged             104 occurrences
son                 66 occurrences
substance           5 occurrences
coverup             8 occurrences
conversations       20 occurrences
exactly             72 occurrences
reportingformer     1 occurrences
statements          51 occurrences
plead               8 occurrences
morningspecial      1 occurrences
onecount            1 occurrences
charging            7 occurrences
ahead               45 occurrences
hearingabc          1 occurrences
assist              10 occurrences
huntflynn           1 occurrences
signals             7 occurrences
cooperating         6 occurrences
abc                 44 occurrences
investigatorsthe    1 occurrences
accusing            18 occurrences
flynnthe            1 occurrences
pertains            4 occurrences
interactions        2 occurrences
december            68 occurrences
specifically        64 occurrences
discussions         23 occurrences
sanctions           76 occurrences
mattersaccording    1 occurrences
refrain             12 occurrences
escalating          8 occurrences
situation           101 occurrences
response            132 occurrences
imposed             11 occurrences
recall              20 occurrences
subsequently        14 occurrences
telling             86 occurrences
chosen              23 occurrences
moderate            19 occurrences
delay               19 occurrences
vote                303 occurrences
defeat              28 occurrences
pending             15 occurrences
council             150 occurrences
described           75 occurrences
willfully           2 occurrences
knowingly           8 occurrences
liberal             105 occurrences
hysterical          11 occurrences
rex                 9 occurrences
tillerson           19 occurrences
sweeping            10 occurrences
clean               39 occurrences
angle               4 occurrences
nyt                 14 occurrences
article             65 occurrences
horror              10 occurrences
shock               15 occurrences
lifers              1 occurrences
bloated             11 occurrences
bureaucracy         8 occurrences
large               123 occurrences
dare                8 occurrences
minutes             50 occurrences
outta               2 occurrences
hereof              2 occurrences
vulnerable          20 occurrences
reductions          6 occurrences
initiated           6 occurrences
reshapes            1 occurrences
person              161 occurrences
seemed              19 occurrences
least               171 occurrences
target              56 occurrences
bill                458 occurrences
millermr            1 occurrences
miller              28 occurrences
afterward           6 occurrences
career              43 occurrences
foreign             279 occurrences
officer             105 occurrences
pushed              42 occurrences
joining             20 occurrences
parade              11 occurrences
dismissals          3 occurrences
early               93 occurrences
retirements         1 occurrences
decimated           1 occurrences
ranks               9 occurrences
declined            39 occurrences
commentdemocrats    1 occurrences
nuts                10 occurrences
hollowingout        2 occurrences
departmentdemocratic1 occurrences
members             289 occurrences
relations           74 occurrences
letter              127 occurrences
citing              32 occurrences
exodus              2 occurrences
officers            132 occurrences
january             116 occurrences
appears             63 occurrences
intentional         5 occurrences
diplomatic          46 occurrences
diplomats           24 occurrences
slashed             6 occurrences
percent             262 occurrences
greattillerson      1 occurrences
frozen              10 occurrences
hiring              13 occurrences
offered             55 occurrences
payouts             4 occurrences
hoping              25 occurrences
reduce              44 occurrences
workforce           19 occurrences
yes                 109 occurrences
powersthatbe        1 occurrences
didn                246 occurrences
proper              25 occurrences
channels            9 occurrences
opening             35 occurrences
spying              23 occurrences
needed              63 occurrences
proof               27 occurrences
authentic           5 occurrences
forward             72 occurrences
anyway              14 occurrences
rats                9 occurrences
arefbi              1 occurrences
recent              169 occurrences
days                149 occurrences
able                160 occurrences
verify              11 occurrences
corroborate         5 occurrences
substantive         1 occurrences
collusion           12 occurrences
between             393 occurrences
outlined            11 occurrences
dossierthe          1 occurrences
installment         3 occurrences
later               166 occurrences
installments        2 occurrences
height              5 occurrences
means               139 occurrences
documentthe         2 occurrences
compiled            9 occurrences
steelean            1 occurrences
validate            3 occurrences
demanded            23 occurrences
memorialize         4 occurrences
andor               14 occurrences
evaluate            8 occurrences
subsources          1 occurrences
neither             25 occurrences
facetoface          3 occurrences
briefings           2 occurrences
charges             87 occurrences
conspiracy          31 occurrences
campaignread        2 occurrences
dem                 14 occurrences
sherrod             2 occurrences
brown               52 occurrences
gop                 84 occurrences
orrin               7 occurrences
hatch               26 occurrences
discussing          26 occurrences
doesn               212 occurrences
appreciate          14 occurrences
warfare             6 occurrences
middle              142 occurrences
wins                17 occurrences
senate              347 occurrences
rewrite             7 occurrences
code                37 occurrences
further             103 occurrences
competing           6 occurrences
toward              59 occurrences
promises            16 occurrences
focus               55 occurrences
showsmoderateincome 1 occurrences
consistently        18 occurrences
percentage          19 occurrences
declines            10 occurrences
bills               31 occurrences
analysis            38 occurrences
saturday            70 occurrences
nonpartisan         9 occurrences
joint               35 occurrences
taxationin          1 occurrences
income              101 occurrences
spectrum            5 occurrences
earning             9 occurrences
taxes               80 occurrences
fall                44 occurrences
decline             21 occurrences
millionaires        7 occurrences
cutunlike           1 occurrences
trend               20 occurrences
holds               18 occurrences
throughout          65 occurrences
jct                 3 occurrences
analyzed            3 occurrences
compared            37 occurrences
reduction           12 occurrences
republicans         216 occurrences
affect              24 occurrences
groups              226 occurrences
hotly               2 occurrences
contested           3 occurrences
congress            402 occurrences
contending          1 occurrences
aimed               26 occurrences
giveaway            8 occurrences
richthe             1 occurrences
muddled             2 occurrences
impact              48 occurrences
modestincome        2 occurrences
winners             4 occurrences
outlook             6 occurrences
changes             61 occurrences
increases           17 occurrences
winnersthe          1 occurrences
finance             34 occurrences
formally            15 occurrences
every               345 occurrences
cohort              2 occurrences
receiving           53 occurrences
average             110 occurrences
though              151 occurrences
examine             8 occurrences
informant           36 occurrences
went                212 occurrences
undercover          18 occurrences
administrationera   1 occurrences
company             154 occurrences
identified          70 occurrences
yesterday           48 occurrences
exclusive           19 occurrences
reuterswilliam      1 occurrences
campbell            6 occurrences
lobbyist            5 occurrences
reuters             53 occurrences
testifying          13 occurrences
sale                24 occurrences
russianbacked       1 occurrences
mines               10 occurrences
saw                 81 occurrences
documentation       13 occurrences
relating            9 occurrences
william             22 occurrences
campbellcongressional1 occurrences
tried               99 occurrences
roughly             60 occurrences
grow                17 occurrences
atomic              7 occurrences
energy              72 occurrences
usdepartment        1 occurrences
sarah               29 occurrences
isgur               1 occurrences
flores              3 occurrences
reached             60 occurrences
clearing            5 occurrences
eight               65 occurrences
undercovertwo       1 occurrences
chairmen            1 occurrences
digging             6 occurrences
nuclear             247 occurrences
purchase            29 occurrences
uraniumwhen         1 occurrences
routed              5 occurrences
foundation          178 occurrences
collected           22 occurrences
hundreds            105 occurrences
speaking            86 occurrences
fees                19 occurrences
approve             19 occurrences
gag                 19 occurrences
order               255 occurrences
lifted              9 occurrences
sessionslawyer      1 occurrences
client              21 occurrences
russians            37 occurrences
bribery             11 occurrences
clintons            51 occurrences
videocampbell       1 occurrences
victoria            13 occurrences
toensing            25 occurrences
hasn                42 occurrences
tell                157 occurrences
payments            63 occurrences
prevents            9 occurrences
come                318 occurrences
clintonrussia       3 occurrences
storyfox            3 occurrences
approvedformer      3 occurrences
threatened          47 occurrences
criminal            247 occurrences
action              211 occurrences
soin                3 occurrences
lou                 18 occurrences
dobbs               19 occurrences
representing        25 occurrences
breaching           5 occurrences
nondisclosure       6 occurrences
nda                 6 occurrences
unconstitutional    28 occurrences
invalid             6 occurrences
prohibits           19 occurrences
legislature         24 occurrences
hey                 11 occurrences
saidkey             4 occurrences
leadership          82 occurrences
blocking            23 occurrences
benghazi            100 occurrences
scandal             73 occurrences
clintonthe          5 occurrences
type                39 occurrences
ordervictoria       3 occurrences
bottom              37 occurrences
targets             41 occurrences
assisting           12 occurrences
kremlin             12 occurrences
imprisoned          14 occurrences
killed              113 occurrences
allegation          6 occurrences
browder             9 occurrences
londonbased         1 occurrences
banker              3 occurrences
spearheaded         7 occurrences
magnitsky           4 occurrences
act                 269 occurrences
opposed             45 occurrences
governmentbrowder   1 occurrences
founder             21 occurrences
glenn               6 occurrences
simpson             16 occurrences
yuri                1 occurrences
chaika              4 occurrences
prosecutor          35 occurrences
june                150 occurrences
tower               17 occurrences
meeting             166 occurrences
true                96 occurrences
supplying           3 occurrences
serious             98 occurrences
smear               7 occurrences
campaigning         19 occurrences
registration        19 occurrences
violations          40 occurrences
head                114 occurrences
hermitage           4 occurrences
capital             47 occurrences
mean                97 occurrences
putin               93 occurrences
regime              93 occurrences
killedit            1 occurrences
dcbased             3 occurrences
reverse             19 occurrences
directly            45 occurrences
whose               110 occurrences
position            91 occurrences
equivalent          9 occurrences
generalnatalia      1 occurrences
veselnitskaya       13 occurrences
attended            26 occurrences
fusiongenerated     1 occurrences
fourpage            2 occurrences
jared               6 occurrences
kushner             3 occurrences
thencampaign        1 occurrences
chairman            100 occurrences
manafortveselnitskaya1 occurrences
reporter            45 occurrences
antibrowder         1 occurrences
project             81 occurrences
memo                55 occurrences
nbc                 31 occurrences
similar             90 occurrences
together            110 occurrences
born                51 occurrences
chicago             72 occurrences
ire                 6 occurrences
passed              101 occurrences
interpol            3 occurrences
arrest              45 occurrences
attempt             73 occurrences
apprehend           7 occurrences
vladimir            31 occurrences
reportedly          58 occurrences
approved            79 occurrences
move                146 occurrences
book                62 occurrences
travails            1 occurrences
reference           27 occurrences
warrantsfusion      1 occurrences
based               152 occurrences
became              80 occurrences
hired               42 occurrences
bakerhostetler      2 occurrences
denis               5 occurrences
katsyv              2 occurrences
businessman         8 occurrences
faced               40 occurrences
penalties           10 occurrences
actsimpson          1 occurrences
closely             34 occurrences
moscowbased         1 occurrences
represents          53 occurrences
prevezon            2 occurrences
holdingsveselnitskaya1 occurrences
affiliation         11 occurrences
stranger            7 occurrences
lines               32 occurrences
arising             2 occurrences
funded              43 occurrences
dnctheories         1 occurrences
arranged            9 occurrences
compromise          21 occurrences
relayed             4 occurrences
dossierfusion       2 occurrences
browderadding       1 occurrences
fuel                18 occurrences
theories            11 occurrences
met                 94 occurrences
sessionbusted       1 occurrences
afterthe            1 occurrences
cofounder           7 occurrences
unverified          1 occurrences
tied                28 occurrences
financing           12 occurrences
thencandidate       2 occurrences
trumpthe            3 occurrences
renewed             6 occurrences
scrutiny            23 occurrences
litigation          17 occurrences
questioned          26 occurrences
politically         48 occurrences
contributed         20 occurrences
relevantdnc         1 occurrences
funneled            9 occurrences
gpsthe              2 occurrences
natalia             9 occurrences
occurred            40 occurrences
behalf              50 occurrences
kremlinlinked       2 occurrences
oligarch            3 occurrences
paying              68 occurrences
dig                 10 occurrences
dirt                18 occurrences
contactsbut         1 occurrences
hours               115 occurrences
exwall              1 occurrences
manhattan           23 occurrences
courtroom           4 occurrences
correspondence      13 occurrences
pair                13 occurrences
presence            42 occurrences
meetingread         1 occurrences
newsread            1 occurrences
banquet             3 occurrences
visit               89 occurrences
japan               9 occurrences
hilarious           2 occurrences
japanese            11 occurrences
prime               64 occurrences
minister            106 occurrences
shinzo              3 occurrences
abe                 7 occurrences
asia                19 occurrences
trip                84 occurrences
succeeded           6 occurrences
diplomacy           7 occurrences
becoming            40 occurrences
closer              27 occurrences
leaders             149 occurrences
visited             18 occurrences
biased              12 occurrences
success             29 occurrences
begins              19 occurrences
above               74 occurrences
testament           3 occurrences
friendly            15 occurrences
usour               1 occurrences
flips               1 occurrences
backwardsjapan      1 occurrences
discreetly          1 occurrences
won                 160 occurrences
believe             249 occurrences
thisthe             6 occurrences
round               22 occurrences
golf                34 occurrences
visiting            12 occurrences
chance              51 occurrences
relax               4 occurrences
discuss             71 occurrences
difficult           44 occurrences
issues              137 occurrences
opportunity         73 occurrences
display             31 occurrences
nimble              1 occurrences
gymnastics          1 occurrences
tokyo               2 occurrences
television          42 occurrences
network             71 occurrences
flew                19 occurrences
helicopter          9 occurrences
kasumigaseki        1 occurrences
club                39 occurrences
sunday              113 occurrences
capture             7 occurrences
anticipated         6 occurrences
informal            3 occurrences
gamehere            1 occurrences
happenedit          1 occurrences
player              8 occurrences
trying              176 occurrences
hit                 79 occurrences
ball                14 occurrences
steep               7 occurrences
bunker              2 occurrences
walking             36 occurrences
side                84 occurrences
onto                26 occurrences
grass               11 occurrences
slipped             7 occurrences
backward            2 occurrences
flip                3 occurrences
down                407 occurrences
sand                10 occurrences
picked              23 occurrences
captrump            1 occurrences
apparently          63 occurrences
noticed             17 occurrences
walked              16 occurrences
attendant           7 occurrences
raking              1 occurrences
continued           69 occurrences
worktabloid         1 occurrences
magazines           5 occurrences
raised              56 occurrences
questions           108 occurrences
talked              22 occurrences
game                42 occurrences
popular             59 occurrences
nikkan              1 occurrences
gendai              1 occurrences
little              181 occurrences
conversation        36 occurrences
falling             15 occurrences
chatting            2 occurrences
third               74 occurrences
renowned            4 occurrences
pro                 15 occurrences
hideki              2 occurrences
matsuyama           1 occurrences
sfgate              1 occurrences
kallstrom           4 occurrences
fan                 17 occurrences
blunt               9 occurrences
politicization      3 occurrences
community           241 occurrences
check               50 occurrences
awesome             20 occurrences
folded              2 occurrences
wowkallstrom        1 occurrences
latest              104 occurrences
notion              18 occurrences
barack              245 occurrences
indicted            24 occurrences
obvious             35 occurrences
anybody             20 occurrences
beginning           51 occurrences
unfortunately       25 occurrences
turns               29 occurrences
honorable           3 occurrences
himself             101 occurrences
sky                 10 occurrences
unbelievable        23 occurrences
arrogance           4 occurrences
superman            1 occurrences
dogs                17 occurrences
always              110 occurrences
bite                4 occurrences
heels               16 occurrences
long                203 occurrences
syndicate           4 occurrences
bubbling            2 occurrences
bigger              29 occurrences
watergate           8 occurrences
seems               73 occurrences
happening           55 occurrences
coma                2 occurrences
glad                6 occurrences
happened            107 occurrences
callerkallstrom     1 occurrences
endorsed            11 occurrences
feels               21 occurrences
tubes               3 occurrences
listen              46 occurrences
belly               2 occurrences
beast               9 occurrences
conan               2 occurrences
spewed              2 occurrences
bitterness          4 occurrences
towards             44 occurrences
insinuated          4 occurrences
dictator            18 occurrences
slamming            2 occurrences
north               159 occurrences
koreans             2 occurrences
chinese             17 occurrences
stop                195 occurrences
bashing             3 occurrences
level               97 occurrences
name                139 occurrences
nasty               13 occurrences
games               14 occurrences
imagine             35 occurrences
treated             26 occurrences
remotely            4 occurrences
thinks              47 occurrences
winging             1 occurrences
jack                26 occurrences
wagon               1 occurrences
coordinated         19 occurrences
grifter             3 occurrences
bash                5 occurrences
claims              130 occurrences
worried             30 occurrences
import              14 occurrences
immigrants          198 occurrences
globalist           6 occurrences
traitor             4 occurrences
jobless             9 occurrences
need                324 occurrences
needy               11 occurrences
spew                3 occurrences
hate                81 occurrences
fleecing            1 occurrences
already             224 occurrences
obviously           26 occurrences
inept               9 occurrences
shame               19 occurrences
herdid              1 occurrences
sickening           9 occurrences
guarded             4 occurrences
osama               12 occurrences
bin                 25 occurrences
laden               21 occurrences
cia                 70 occurrences
mike                42 occurrences
pompeo              10 occurrences
seized              31 occurrences
raid                13 occurrences
seal                10 occurrences
rob                 12 occurrences
neill               5 occurrences
politicized         11 occurrences
hid                 4 occurrences
damning             4 occurrences
hurt                26 occurrences
reelection          16 occurrences
clock               11 occurrences
qaeda               24 occurrences
steve               58 occurrences
hayes               5 occurrences
weekly              33 occurrences
manner              26 occurrences
mutually            1 occurrences
partnership         42 occurrences
tehran              49 occurrences
revealing           19 occurrences
cozy                1 occurrences
iranian             116 occurrences
fatally             6 occurrences
undermined          8 occurrences
quest               6 occurrences
ongoing             51 occurrences
vitality            3 occurrences
amply               2 occurrences
testified           26 occurrences
contradicted        2 occurrences
proud               27 occurrences
eager               15 occurrences
cooperation         17 occurrences
bottled             3 occurrences
clockiran           1 occurrences
close               124 occurrences
ties                63 occurrences
dealwithin          1 occurrences
assessment          16 occurrences
jihadist            17 occurrences
supplied            3 occurrences
arms                66 occurrences
training            90 occurrences
hezbollah           7 occurrences
camps               11 occurrences
lebanon             4 occurrences
jihadis             4 occurrences
reportedthe         12 occurrences
thenpresident       1 occurrences
knew                102 occurrences
kept                41 occurrences
lock                6 occurrences
keythe              1 occurrences
critics             36 occurrences
ultimately          48 occurrences
easier              24 occurrences
terror              110 occurrences
weapons             108 occurrences
artery              2 occurrences
funds               137 occurrences
communication       12 occurrences
reportedthat        2 occurrences
furious             24 occurrences
hostages            28 occurrences
iranthe             4 occurrences
denied              69 occurrences
ransom              22 occurrences
arguing             21 occurrences
settlement          33 occurrences
longstanding        16 occurrences
iranians            24 occurrences
totaling            10 occurrences
billion             230 occurrences
hostage             35 occurrences
disclosed           21 occurrences
strikingly          2 occurrences
planeloads          1 occurrences
currenciesbut       1 occurrences
revelations         13 occurrences
theremuslim         1 occurrences
brotherhood         50 occurrences
connections         22 occurrences
ladenin             1 occurrences
videos              37 occurrences
influences          2 occurrences
terrorist           154 occurrences
leader              139 occurrences
hesitate            1 occurrences
religious           98 occurrences
aspect              16 occurrences
committed           57 occurrences
suggested           43 occurrences
sponsored           20 occurrences
young               160 occurrences
jihadi              15 occurrences
travelled           5 occurrences
writes              18 occurrences
pistol              4 occurrences
poor                99 occurrences
knowledge           43 occurrences
antakya             1 occurrences
bus                 25 occurrences
istanbul            3 occurrences
jeddah              1 occurrences
plane               46 occurrences
clintonscritics     1 occurrences
infiltration        5 occurrences
west                97 occurrences
gehad               1 occurrences
elhaddad            2 occurrences
arrested            116 occurrences
ago                 154 occurrences
cairo               7 occurrences
inciting            5 occurrences
violence            150 occurrences
bpr                 3 occurrences
intimidation        7 occurrences
tactics             23 occurrences
base                48 occurrences
mrs                 58 occurrences
manhandled          1 occurrences
rough               10 occurrences
playing             41 occurrences
goes                68 occurrences
noknock             1 occurrences
julyit              1 occurrences
checked             13 occurrences
kathleen            3 occurrences
guns                58 occurrences
broke               43 occurrences
alexandria          4 occurrences
condo               2 occurrences
predawn             1 occurrences
picking             8 occurrences
locka               4 occurrences
search              46 occurrences
intrusive           7 occurrences
patted              1 occurrences
bed                 20 occurrences
felt                59 occurrences
intimidationin      1 occurrences
entered             40 occurrences
home                281 occurrences
drawn               19 occurrences
stayed              10 occurrences
hoursthe            1 occurrences
aggressive          36 occurrences
prone               2 occurrences
sleepy              1 occurrences
woman               176 occurrences
hallmark            4 occurrences
weissmann           2 occurrences
mob                 11 occurrences
specializes         2 occurrences
turning             28 occurrences
witnesses           29 occurrences
prey                1 occurrences
afraid              36 occurrences
spouses             9 occurrences
maximize            3 occurrences
trauma              4 occurrences
sidney              6 occurrences
powell              18 occurrences
dallas              44 occurrences
tacticsa            1 occurrences
spokesman           104 occurrences
commentvia          3 occurrences
beautiful           18 occurrences
christmas           46 occurrences
shrinks             1 occurrences
bracketsthe         1 occurrences
shrink              4 occurrences
brackets            4 occurrences
seven               59 occurrences
fourthe             1 occurrences
currently           79 occurrences
filers              3 occurrences
areunder            1 occurrences
bepresident         1 occurrences
unveiled            12 occurrences
consider            51 occurrences
greatest            47 occurrences
presents            9 occurrences
giant               24 occurrences
form                59 occurrences
tremendous          9 occurrences
oval                9 occurrences
appearance          34 occurrences
broadcom            1 occurrences
ltd                 1 occurrences
ceo                 31 occurrences
hock                1 occurrences
tan                 1 occurrences
semiconductor       2 occurrences
singapore           2 occurrences
legally             35 occurrences
relocate            7 occurrences
history             179 occurrences
create              74 occurrences
jobs                136 occurrences
simpler             1 occurrences
fairer              1 occurrences
restore             26 occurrences
competitive         13 occurrences
edge                6 occurrences
reducing            14 occurrences
lowers              3 occurrences
corporate           32 occurrences
still               285 occurrences
highest             57 occurrences
modern              30 occurrences
houses              27 occurrences
half                80 occurrences
enjoy               28 occurrences
credit              48 occurrences
earners             4 occurrences
taxesread           1 occurrences
nyp                 19 occurrences
smart               19 occurrences
cookie              6 occurrences
kickbacks           5 occurrences
transportation      45 occurrences
sean                62 occurrences
hannity             24 occurrences
includes            71 occurrences
widespread          23 occurrences
overview            6 occurrences
specific            46 occurrences
thinking            26 occurrences
spending            128 occurrences
involves            10 occurrences
alleged             58 occurrences
rosenstein          25 occurrences
counselfurther      1 occurrences
indicates           14 occurrences
instances           7 occurrences
laundering          11 occurrences
expand              54 occurrences
deny                30 occurrences
vancouverbased      1 occurrences
rosatom             13 occurrences
corporationsome     1 occurrences
investment          33 occurrences
thensecretary       4 occurrences
eric                49 occurrences
holder              44 occurrences
homeland            109 occurrences
janet               7 occurrences
napalitano          1 occurrences
treasury            52 occurrences
timothy             2 occurrences
geithnerthe         1 occurrences
production          32 occurrences
nine                57 occurrences
investors           18 occurrences
donated             22 occurrences
certainly           57 occurrences
infiltrated         7 occurrences
purpose             45 occurrences
enterprise          21 occurrences
corner              14 occurrences
foundational        1 occurrences
material            66 occurrences
hannitytoensing     1 occurrences
cns                 8 occurrences
remaining           31 occurrences
jfk                 8 occurrences
assassination       11 occurrences
transparent         13 occurrences
link                29 occurrences
archives            26 occurrences
agowe               1 occurrences
open                196 occurrences
possibilities       3 occurrences
readers             13 occurrences
possibility         33 occurrences
shooters            4 occurrences
possibletruepunditcom1 occurrences
warns               14 occurrences
haunting            3 occurrences
paragraph           8 occurrences
unearthed           5 occurrences
neverbeforeseen     1 occurrences
shake               4 occurrences
patriots            18 occurrences
core                21 occurrences
kennedyor           1 occurrences
perhaps             48 occurrences
worse               61 occurrences
paragraphsthis      1 occurrences
prettysee           1 occurrences
yourselfas          1 occurrences
reminder            14 occurrences
shooter             25 occurrences
explained           57 occurrences
explain             47 occurrences
clarity             2 occurrences
surgeon             5 occurrences
bullet              10 occurrences
throat              6 occurrences
adams               8 occurrences
apple               45 occurrences
persons             27 occurrences
bridge              11 occurrences
across              179 occurrences
park                94 occurrences
front               87 occurrences
carto               1 occurrences
substantiate        1 occurrences
potito              1 occurrences
hole                5 occurrences
wind                8 occurrences
shield              16 occurrences
car                 66 occurrences
sold                38 occurrences
edgar               2 occurrences
hoover              5 occurrences
proclaimed          6 occurrences
worldplease         1 occurrences
zero                61 occurrences
hedgebreaking       1 occurrences
available           83 occurrences
todaywow            1 occurrences
releasing           28 occurrences
shortly             27 occurrences
twitter             70 occurrences
lag                 1 occurrences
posted              68 occurrences
releasedafter       1 occurrences
strict              12 occurrences
consultation        11 occurrences
kelly               33 occurrences
jfkfiles            1 occurrences
realdonaldtrump     23 occurrences
linkjfk             1 occurrences
asassination        1 occurrences
withheld            25 occurrences
accordance          7 occurrences
collection          27 occurrences
vast                24 occurrences
learn               31 occurrences
morethese           1 occurrences
releases            17 occurrences
include             124 occurrences
formerly            17 occurrences
board               95 occurrences
date                30 occurrences
followsjuly         1 occurrences
accessing           7 occurrences
filesto             2 occurrences
view                78 occurrences
download            3 occurrences
column              8 occurrences
spreadsheet         1 occurrences
metadata            4 occurrences
sorted              1 occurrences
nara                2 occurrences
appearing           4 occurrences
withholding         8 occurrences
blew                8 occurrences
whistle             3 occurrences
highprofile         19 occurrences
intimidated         6 occurrences
dropping            9 occurrences
sayswatch           1 occurrences
billhemmers         1 occurrences
allegedly           67 occurrences
hemmer              3 occurrences
threats             68 occurrences
threaten            26 occurrences
witness             33 occurrences
updated             13 occurrences
liberty             42 occurrences
reputation          18 occurrences
jeopardy            7 occurrences
vince               11 occurrences
coglianese          1 occurrences
drop                29 occurrences
governmenton        1 occurrences
confidentiality     9 occurrences
testify             31 occurrences
canadabased         4 occurrences
foundationin        1 occurrences
cfius               1 occurrences
interagency         5 occurrences
governmental        14 occurrences
reviews             8 occurrences
purchases           14 occurrences
granted             49 occurrences
russiaowned         1 occurrences
sneak               7 occurrences
gaggle              3 occurrences
capitol             86 occurrences
building            101 occurrences
flag                164 occurrences
leftist             31 occurrences
extremists          12 occurrences
tight               10 occurrences
bragged             8 occurrences
areacongressional   1 occurrences
join                48 occurrences
awaiting            8 occurrences
saidnews            1 occurrences
possible            128 occurrences
intruder            13 occurrences
protester           19 occurrences
managed             25 occurrences
infiltrate          4 occurrences
reporters           56 occurrences
waiting             43 occurrences
newsthe             7 occurrences
middleaged          1 occurrences
feet                30 occurrences
inches              2 occurrences
tall                6 occurrences
dressed             9 occurrences
gray                19 occurrences
bow                 18 occurrences
tie                 13 occurrences
replied             20 occurrences
tourist             5 occurrences
corridor            10 occurrences
launched            40 occurrences
trespasser          3 occurrences
listthe             2 occurrences
secure              59 occurrences
tossed              10 occurrences
minirussian         1 occurrences
shouted             6 occurrences
learnedthe          3 occurrences
ryan                184 occurrences
clayton             5 occurrences
activist            52 occurrences
unlawful            18 occurrences
conductthe          1 occurrences
police              520 occurrences
internal            66 occurrences
credential          1 occurrences
slip                12 occurrences
monumental          3 occurrences
newsclayton         1 occurrences
entry               20 occurrences
complex             12 occurrences
recognized          12 occurrences
russell             4 occurrences
buildingbut         1 occurrences
tunnel              7 occurrences
leading             78 occurrences
pass                93 occurrences
badge               4 occurrences
outdated            1 occurrences
visitor             1 occurrences
enter               36 occurrences
connecting          4 occurrences
rayburn             2 occurrences
checkpoint          6 occurrences
outside             113 occurrences
chamber             18 occurrences
blended             1 occurrences
credentialed        1 occurrences
trumpa              2 occurrences
possession          24 occurrences
fourday             2 occurrences
old                 136 occurrences
location            25 occurrences
compartmentalized   2 occurrences
facility            42 occurrences
attempted           38 occurrences
access              157 occurrences
facilityprotester   1 occurrences
makes               105 occurrences
throw               24 occurrences
potusas             1 occurrences
threw               15 occurrences
mini                3 occurrences
arrived             38 occurrences
unhinged            7 occurrences
lunatics            1 occurrences
pull                20 occurrences
stunts              2 occurrences
thisa               1 occurrences
lunchthe            1 occurrences
shouting            14 occurrences
byrandom            1 occurrences
pictwittercomstvfdotmab1 occurrences
vez                 6 occurrences
aidachavez          1 occurrences
videoshe            1 occurrences
claytonclayton      1 occurrences
expressing          14 occurrences
views               63 occurrences
tossing             3 occurrences
conservative        133 occurrences
conference          134 occurrences
distrubiton         1 occurrences
printed             5 occurrences
middleamericans     1 occurrences
tabs                4 occurrences
dedicated           20 occurrences
puppets             3 occurrences
options             19 occurrences
gotten              24 occurrences
extremely           25 occurrences
tighttrump          1 occurrences
huddling            1 occurrences
finding             45 occurrences
party               282 occurrences
unityrepublicans    1 occurrences
broad               28 occurrences
struggling          20 occurrences
begin               59 occurrences
debate              88 occurrences
legislationthe      2 occurrences
irony               14 occurrences
russiadevin         1 occurrences
smells              3 occurrences
heaven              6 occurrences
administrationbreaking2 occurrences
announces           6 occurrences
uraniumonedeal      2 occurrences
monitored           9 occurrences
basedmonitored      2 occurrences
politics            97 occurrences
schweizer           10 occurrences
untold              7 occurrences
governments         50 occurrences
businesses          65 occurrences
rich                87 occurrences
editoratlarge       3 occurrences
politicsdobbs       2 occurrences
price               40 occurrences
unanswered          3 occurrences
secondly            4 occurrences
putting             55 occurrences
moment              73 occurrences
basic               42 occurrences
fundamental         30 occurrences
armed               71 occurrences
departments         22 occurrences
individuals         104 occurrences
responsible         84 occurrences
turn                79 occurrences
tom                 55 occurrences
perez               29 occurrences
decided             80 occurrences
democrat            157 occurrences
thing               190 occurrences
love                100 occurrences
push                84 occurrences
sheeple             1 occurrences
pitiful             9 occurrences
lie                 46 occurrences
electoral           31 occurrences
brilliant           21 occurrences
creation            25 occurrences
gives               56 occurrences
balance             19 occurrences
voters              103 occurrences
deciding            15 occurrences
elections           66 occurrences
happen              67 occurrences
counting            8 occurrences
uneducated          2 occurrences
buy                 73 occurrences
incorrectly         4 occurrences
constitution        80 occurrences
speechfunctiond     1 occurrences
var                 16 occurrences
fjs                 14 occurrences
dgetelementbyidid   14 occurrences
return              99 occurrences
dcreateelements     14 occurrences
jsid                14 occurrences
jssrc               14 occurrences
fjsparentnodeinsertbeforejs14 occurrences
fjsdocument         14 occurrences
script              18 occurrences
facebookjssdkdnc    1 occurrences
chair               27 occurrences
lecture             10 occurrences
indiana             10 occurrences
school              191 occurrences
mechanism           7 occurrences
indirect            4 occurrences
created             88 occurrences
founding            22 occurrences
fathers             15 occurrences
smaller             32 occurrences
each                174 occurrences
shall               21 occurrences
appoint             13 occurrences
thereof             4 occurrences
direct              56 occurrences
electors            13 occurrences
equal               33 occurrences
whole               81 occurrences
senators            62 occurrences
representatives     70 occurrences
entitled            33 occurrences
win                 67 occurrences
votefollowing       1 occurrences
agree               58 occurrences
compact             5 occurrences
allocated           16 occurrences
votes               103 occurrences
allocate            6 occurrences
frankly             10 occurrences
maryland            38 occurrences
supporters          74 occurrences
seem                43 occurrences
understand          90 occurrences
circumvent          7 occurrences
system              286 occurrences
argument            30 occurrences
existthe            2 occurrences
honoring            9 occurrences
birch               1 occurrences
bayh                2 occurrences
sexual              48 occurrences
assault             45 occurrences
writer              8 occurrences
groped              2 occurrences
backseat            1 occurrences
limousine           1 occurrences
wfbour              1 occurrences
collegeplease       1 occurrences
share               94 occurrences
clueless            13 occurrences
elected             101 occurrences
unfiltered          2 occurrences
rural               61 occurrences
irrelevant          6 occurrences
campaigns           14 occurrences
spend               38 occurrences
populous            4 occurrences
districts           15 occurrences
remains             45 occurrences
centuries           3 occurrences
framers             3 occurrences
empowered           4 occurrences
select              24 occurrences
presidents          18 occurrences
occasionally        2 occurrences
maligned            1 occurrences
electing            3 occurrences
incredibly          12 occurrences
successful          29 occurrences
peoplethe           6 occurrences
stability           8 occurrences
typically           20 occurrences
takes               68 occurrences
presidency          44 occurrences
failed              119 occurrences
peculiar            4 occurrences
mystifying          1 occurrences
institution         16 occurrences
ensures             3 occurrences
cast                14 occurrences
complain            11 occurrences
rewards             6 occurrences
proportional        2 occurrences
power               223 occurrences
onesevery           1 occurrences
around              276 occurrences
murmurs             1 occurrences
revamping           1 occurrences
moving              51 occurrences
votethe             3 occurrences
founders            12 occurrences
collegeas           1 occurrences
heritage            35 occurrences
foundations         14 occurrences
experts             55 occurrences
hans                2 occurrences
von                 6 occurrences
spakovsky           2 occurrences
paper               48 occurrences
creating            44 occurrences
architecture        2 occurrences
struggled           7 occurrences
satisfy             8 occurrences
demand              44 occurrences
representation      10 occurrences
sovereignty         32 occurrences
risk                76 occurrences
posed               23 occurrences
minority            51 occurrences
majoritarian        1 occurrences
rule                101 occurrences
intermediaries      3 occurrences
debated             4 occurrences
constitutional      60 occurrences
convention          31 occurrences
justified           11 occurrences
stopgap             2 occurrences
potentially         43 occurrences
heinous             10 occurrences
empower             18 occurrences
feared              15 occurrences
pure                8 occurrences
unrestrained        2 occurrences
democracy           41 occurrences
brought             77 occurrences
republics           2 occurrences
pastthe             2 occurrences
product             34 occurrences
balanced            4 occurrences
enduring            3 occurrences
wise                7 occurrences
leave               119 occurrences
intactalexander     1 occurrences
hamilton            14 occurrences
federalist          8 occurrences
important           147 occurrences
choosing            18 occurrences
desirable           3 occurrences
capable             25 occurrences
analyzing           6 occurrences
qualities           5 occurrences
adapted             1 occurrences
station             39 occurrences
acting              65 occurrences
circumstances       42 occurrences
favorable           21 occurrences
deliberation        1 occurrences
judicious           1 occurrences
combination         8 occurrences
inducements         1 occurrences
govern              3 occurrences
choice              45 occurrences
produce             37 occurrences
intermediate        1 occurrences
less                155 occurrences
apt                 2 occurrences
convulse            1 occurrences
extraordinary       14 occurrences
violent             98 occurrences
movements           13 occurrences
object              12 occurrences
wishes              6 occurrences
ancient             7 occurrences
destructive         9 occurrences
passions            1 occurrences
subjects            6 occurrences
overreaching        6 occurrences
monarch             3 occurrences
equally             8 occurrences
elite               15 occurrences
unresponsive        2 occurrences
fully               43 occurrences
aristocraticthe     1 occurrences
stateseach          1 occurrences
congressin          1 occurrences
addition            56 occurrences
balancing           2 occurrences
protection          75 occurrences
individual          96 occurrences
rights              338 occurrences
policymaking        2 occurrences
reserved            5 occurrences
localities          2 occurrences
designed            59 occurrences
undifferentiated    1 occurrences
massthe             2 occurrences
total               127 occurrences
thus                29 occurrences
columbia            18 occurrences
passage             31 occurrences
adds                16 occurrences
presidentthe        8 occurrences
empowers            1 occurrences
especially          91 occurrences
incentivizes        1 occurrences
candidates          67 occurrences
appeal              31 occurrences
places              53 occurrences
population          134 occurrences
centers             30 occurrences
farmers             19 occurrences
iowa                23 occurrences
concerns            96 occurrences
bankers             12 occurrences
accountthe          1 occurrences
method              10 occurrences
choose              47 occurrences
republic            29 occurrences
chose               29 occurrences
legislatures        3 occurrences
pick                37 occurrences
shifted             5 occurrences
instead             129 occurrences
opted               5 occurrences
warcalls            1 occurrences
abolishmodern       1 occurrences
antidemocratic      2 occurrences
aspects             6 occurrences
criticizing         11 occurrences
intermediary        5 occurrences
statebystate        1 occurrences
votingcalls         1 occurrences
fundamentally       16 occurrences
change              304 occurrences
peak                5 occurrences
defeated            10 occurrences
gore                10 occurrences
tightly             4 occurrences
narrowly            3 occurrences
howled              1 occurrences
stepping            11 occurrences
unfairone           1 occurrences
organization        101 occurrences
eliminating         8 occurrences
argues              18 occurrences
encourages          5 occurrences
swing               18 occurrences
countrythis         1 occurrences
bad                 104 occurrences
mistaken            4 occurrences
assumptions         4 occurrences
considered          76 occurrences
reliably            2 occurrences
blue                23 occurrences
race                78 occurrences
unpredictable       3 occurrences
signed              83 occurrences
essentially         33 occurrences
pledge              16 occurrences
votebut             1 occurrences
incentives          7 occurrences
swingstate          1 occurrences
unpredictability    1 occurrences
erosion             4 occurrences
traditional         28 occurrences
partisan            27 occurrences
mapadditionally     1 occurrences
districtsfinally    1 occurrences
disgusting          10 occurrences
curses              1 occurrences
liesread            1 occurrences
signal              14 occurrences
speak               86 occurrences
concerning          28 occurrences
onebreaking         1 occurrences
authorizes          6 occurrences
maga                4 occurrences
dts                 1 occurrences
loudobbs            3 occurrences
matters             41 occurrences
oversight           41 occurrences
permanent           32 occurrences
intelligencefinally 1 occurrences
repdesantis         1 occurrences
trumptrain          2 occurrences
pictwittercomtbnujzgzzf1 occurrences
clintonsenator      2 occurrences
grassley            31 occurrences
sessions            59 occurrences
info                18 occurrences
interestingthe      3 occurrences
thank               53 occurrences
goodness            13 occurrences
leftleaning         2 occurrences
aired               11 occurrences
segment             12 occurrences
border              272 occurrences
proved              11 occurrences
usmexico            10 occurrences
wallhow             1 occurrences
construction        30 occurrences
prototypes          4 occurrences
nearing             2 occurrences
completion          5 occurrences
deadline            10 occurrences
approaches          10 occurrences
guidelines          9 occurrences
concrete            15 occurrences
walls               22 occurrences
alternate           4 occurrences
talljumping         1 occurrences
fence               59 occurrences
jacob               2 occurrences
soboroff            4 occurrences
preview             1 occurrences
built               39 occurrences
existing            23 occurrences
fences              8 occurrences
interviewing        8 occurrences
patrol              81 occurrences
roy                 2 occurrences
villareal           2 occurrences
migrants            130 occurrences
camera              19 occurrences
jumping             13 occurrences
stateseveryday      1 occurrences
borders             85 occurrences
jumped              18 occurrences
everyday            18 occurrences
draw                17 occurrences
dire                12 occurrences
situations          12 occurrences
plays               9 occurrences
regular             36 occurrences
mexican             52 occurrences
showed              61 occurrences
cross               36 occurrences
conditionsthis      1 occurrences
terrorists          126 occurrences
crosswe             1 occurrences
canada              31 occurrences
mexico              116 occurrences
fighting            65 occurrences
closing             25 occurrences
step                63 occurrences
simple              34 occurrences
voting              76 occurrences
interest            99 occurrences
stopping            19 occurrences
flow                27 occurrences
illegals            56 occurrences
looking             114 occurrences
job                 178 occurrences
life                181 occurrences
terrorism           112 occurrences
highlights          9 occurrences
desperate           23 occurrences
canadathe           1 occurrences
somali              22 occurrences
stabbed             10 occurrences
canadian            18 occurrences
pedestrians         4 occurrences
dhs                 62 occurrences
allowing            66 occurrences
journey             11 occurrences
isis                178 occurrences
operative           9 occurrences
abdulahi            1 occurrences
hasan               10 occurrences
sharif              6 occurrences
deported            48 occurrences
customs             43 occurrences
ice                 53 occurrences
various             48 occurrences
supervision         2 occurrences
feds                39 occurrences
againsharif         1 occurrences
ysidro              3 occurrences
port                14 occurrences
briefly             9 occurrences
held                150 occurrences
otay                2 occurrences
mesa                3 occurrences
detention           33 occurrences
center              138 occurrences
diego               28 occurrences
local               242 occurrences
newspaper           31 occurrences
crossed             23 occurrences
settled             20 occurrences
edmonton            2 occurrences
refugee             253 occurrences
september           103 occurrences
slammed             14 occurrences
vehicle             40 occurrences
cop                 28 occurrences
knife               9 occurrences
fleeing             19 occurrences
scene               34 occurrences
stole               10 occurrences
truck               35 occurrences
deliberately        10 occurrences
mowed               5 occurrences
authorities         106 occurrences
counts              8 occurrences
murder              81 occurrences
flight              52 occurrences
causing             19 occurrences
bodily              3 occurrences
harm                32 occurrences
weapon              40 occurrences
investigated        29 occurrences
espousing           1 occurrences
extremist           18 occurrences
northbound          1 occurrences
trek                1 occurrences
borderas            1 occurrences
cartels             9 occurrences
islamic             267 occurrences
entering            32 occurrences
operating           34 occurrences
towns               21 occurrences
miles               53 occurrences
cities              112 occurrences
exposing            20 occurrences
sophisticated       9 occurrences
narcoterror         1 occurrences
ring                16 occurrences
paso                9 occurrences
city                387 occurrences
embroiled           1 occurrences
operation           56 occurrences
town                117 occurrences
forces              76 occurrences
drug                41 occurrences
smugglers           10 occurrences
knowns              1 occurrences
coyotes             2 occurrences
smuggling           12 occurrences
foreigners          25 occurrences
links               16 occurrences
texas               191 occurrences
publicly            47 occurrences
highlevel           6 occurrences
sides               38 occurrences
confirmed           69 occurrences
classified          116 occurrences
aliens              143 occurrences
sia                 1 occurrences
transported         11 occurrences
stash               2 occurrences
acala               1 occurrences
crossroads          1 occurrences
located             42 occurrences
road                30 occurrences
highway             23 occurrences
sias                1 occurrences
waited              6 occurrences
pickup              3 occurrences
hills               3 occurrences
safety              78 occurrences
leaked              35 occurrences
islamist            30 occurrences
organizations       103 occurrences
apprehended         12 occurrences
crossing            26 occurrences
southern            92 occurrences
borderlast          1 occurrences
traffickers         6 occurrences
explore             6 occurrences
future              134 occurrences
attacks             150 occurrences
jihadists           23 occurrences
forth               21 occurrences
porous              7 occurrences
kuwaiti             1 occurrences
named               56 occurrences
shaykh              1 occurrences
mahmood             3 occurrences
omar                22 occurrences
khabir              4 occurrences
chihuahua           1 occurrences
trained             9 occurrences
fighters            15 occurrences
pakistan            23 occurrences
afghanistan         58 occurrences
yemen               24 occurrences
lived               29 occurrences
trains              8 occurrences
syrians             14 occurrences
yemenis             1 occurrences
fight               145 occurrences
situated            4 occurrences
mexicous            1 occurrences
region              55 occurrences
near                95 occurrences
ciudad              5 occurrences
rez                 1 occurrences
gathered            26 occurrences
staking             1 occurrences
italian             11 occurrences
kill                50 occurrences
space               21 occurrences
diplomat            19 occurrences
affairs             65 occurrences
claudia             4 occurrences
ruiz                1 occurrences
wave                23 occurrences
fundamentalism      2 occurrences
surprises           2 occurrences
mainstream          44 occurrences
ignores             12 occurrences
hardly              10 occurrences
surprising          19 occurrences
considering         38 occurrences
infiltrating        3 occurrences
famously            7 occurrences
unprotected         4 occurrences
referring           22 occurrences
thinktank           2 occurrences
operations          51 occurrences
worldwide           28 occurrences
fears               19 occurrences
using               165 occurrences
usmexican           1 occurrences
gateway             52 occurrences
realized            14 occurrences
realize             16 occurrences
hugeit              1 occurrences
dojand              1 occurrences
heart               52 occurrences
greedy              8 occurrences
grasping            1 occurrences
dojandrew           1 occurrences
mccarthy            29 occurrences
masterful           2 occurrences
breaking            34 occurrences
until               160 occurrences
nowmccarthy         1 occurrences
breaks              10 occurrences
youyou              1 occurrences
phony               18 occurrences
aware               47 occurrences
scam                34 occurrences
andy                12 occurrences
explains            18 occurrences
summaryhere         1 occurrences
kicker              4 occurrences
principally         2 occurrences
obamaadministration 1 occurrences
scandalthe          1 occurrences
cashing             1 occurrences
forefront           7 occurrences
alone               62 occurrences
compromising        4 occurrences
nationalsecurity    6 occurrences
greenlighted        1 occurrences
onefifth            2 occurrences
uraniummining       1 occurrences
capacity            24 occurrences
hostile             21 occurrences
statecontrolled     5 occurrences
nuclearenergy       1 occurrences
conglomerate        7 occurrences
subsidiary          3 occurrences
lucrative           10 occurrences
racketeering        6 occurrences
felony              13 occurrences
extortion           9 occurrences
moneylaundering     1 occurrences
offensesthis        1 occurrences
next                208 occurrences
worsethe            2 occurrences
consequently        3 occurrences
concealed           10 occurrences
industry            70 occurrences
commencing          1 occurrences
prosecution         30 occurrences
scotched            1 occurrences
prosecutors         35 occurrences
quietly             19 occurrences
song                13 occurrences
violation           41 occurrences
meanwhile           36 occurrences
stonewalled         2 occurrences
publicread          1 occurrences
mccarthyonce        1 occurrences
summary             12 occurrences
covered             25 occurrences
chris               44 occurrences
farrell             3 occurrences
investigations      53 occurrences
rip                 9 occurrences
direction           27 occurrences
earful              1 occurrences
discussed           31 occurrences
paralyzed           4 occurrences
departmentfarrell   1 occurrences
socialist           32 occurrences
organ               2 occurrences
protests            48 occurrences
itself              67 occurrences
offense             12 occurrences
gang                42 occurrences
walks               2 occurrences
complicitfarrell    1 occurrences
firsthand           6 occurrences
mouths              2 occurrences
shut                57 occurrences
exaggerating        2 occurrences
makebelieve         1 occurrences
hearings            20 occurrences
soundbiteshe        1 occurrences
spot                24 occurrences
sick                34 occurrences
death               194 occurrences
soundbites          1 occurrences
accomplished        9 occurrences
useless             7 occurrences
cameras             13 occurrences
having              161 occurrences
sideshow            1 occurrences
drama               3 occurrences
queens              3 occurrences
frankenfarrell      1 occurrences
couldn              60 occurrences
therefore           38 occurrences
inaction            4 occurrences
fire                88 occurrences
clintonuranium      2 occurrences
bombshell           13 occurrences
ripped              13 occurrences
classic             9 occurrences
rant                7 occurrences
interfered          3 occurrences
threat              120 occurrences
mocked              5 occurrences
mountains           10 occurrences
reveal              30 occurrences
tonight             33 occurrences
sign                76 occurrences
discovered          31 occurrences
overwhelming        7 occurrences
incontrovertible    1 occurrences
husband             53 occurrences
flowed              6 occurrences
massive             79 occurrences
child               79 occurrences
bombshellyesterday  1 occurrences
wikileaks           58 occurrences
julian              20 occurrences
assange             26 occurrences
cryptic             1 occurrences
tweet               20 occurrences
series              49 occurrences
letters             14 occurrences
shaking             6 occurrences
boots               6 occurrences
julianassange       2 occurrences
writers             5 occurrences
publications        3 occurrences
due                 120 occurrences
break               52 occurrences
todaylast           1 occurrences
audience            22 occurrences
circa               15 occurrences
sara                10 occurrences
carter              41 occurrences
solomon             3 occurrences
sleeping            7 occurrences
watchseanhannity    1 occurrences
tick                2 occurrences
tock                1 occurrences
folks               22 occurrences
ready               53 occurrences
hillaryclinton      3 occurrences
pictwittercompxbrcgypwm1 occurrences
gitmo               32 occurrences
bama                1 occurrences
alison              4 occurrences
spann               1 occurrences
indeed              35 occurrences
doozy               1 occurrences
delivered           30 occurrences
corrupt             53 occurrences
antiamerican        18 occurrences
selfserving         4 occurrences
players             24 occurrences
providing           44 occurrences
regulators          8 occurrences
engage              21 occurrences
protecting          41 occurrences
manipulate          4 occurrences
breathtaking        5 occurrences
rogers              5 occurrences
rmithe              1 occurrences
moscow              34 occurrences
swath               3 occurrences
substantial         25 occurrences
interviewsfederal   1 occurrences
confidential        19 occurrences
extensive           22 occurrences
secret              115 occurrences
recordings          6 occurrences
intercept           7 occurrences
trucking            3 occurrences
bribes              1 occurrences
practices           31 occurrences
showthey            1 occurrences
eyewitness          3 occurrences
indicating          6 occurrences
charitable          17 occurrences
conducted           42 occurrences
consent             19 occurrences
proceeds            5 occurrences
declared            41 occurrences
affidavit           1 occurrences
laterrather         1 occurrences
bring               102 occurrences
leaving             54 occurrences
dark                14 occurrences
soil                16 occurrences
benefitting         2 occurrences
commercial          14 occurrences
ambitionsthe        1 occurrences
unanimously         8 occurrences
partial             12 occurrences
mining              29 occurrences
supplywhen          1 occurrences
trail               17 occurrences
intervened          6 occurrences
approval            47 occurrences
tenex               3 occurrences
sell                43 occurrences
plants              15 occurrences
enrichment          3 occurrences
corp                5 occurrences
selling             36 occurrences
reprocessed         1 occurrences
recovered           14 occurrences
dismantled          1 occurrences
soviet              12 occurrences
megatons            2 occurrences
megawatts           1 occurrences
peace               34 occurrences
contractors         25 occurrences
legitimate          23 occurrences
none                64 occurrences
fear                80 occurrences
retribution         5 occurrences
officialsthe        4 occurrences
schweitzer          1 occurrences
documented          18 occurrences
donations           37 occurrences
parties             44 occurrences
interested          22 occurrences
statesthe           12 occurrences
insisting           3 occurrences
donors              35 occurrences
wrongdoing          16 occurrences
oppose              31 occurrences
dealbut             1 occurrences
reviewed            20 occurrences
vadim               1 occurrences
mikerin             8 occurrences
overseeing          16 occurrences
expansion           32 occurrences
starting            38 occurrences
alerted             7 occurrences
activity            49 occurrences
uncoveredspokesmen  1 occurrences
commentmikerin      1 occurrences
oversaw             4 occurrences
collaboration       7 occurrences
megwatts            1 occurrences
sales               33 occurrences
dispatched          4 occurrences
visa                75 occurrences
arm                 26 occurrences
tenambetween        1 occurrences
combine             2 occurrences
confederate         82 occurrences
obstruct            6 occurrences
commerce            28 occurrences
movement            74 occurrences
commodity           3 occurrences
enriched            6 occurrences
statedhis           1 occurrences
illegal             385 occurrences
conduct             63 occurrences
captured            30 occurrences
kickback            2 occurrences
permission          26 occurrences
payment             46 occurrences
recorded            25 occurrences
dated               13 occurrences
thenus              1 occurrences
serves              28 occurrences
thenassistant       1 occurrences
showon              1 occurrences
fishing             10 occurrences
expedition          3 occurrences
subject             57 occurrences
rules               114 occurrences
regulations         59 occurrences
expeditions         1 occurrences
understands         17 occurrences
scope               20 occurrences
amid                26 occurrences
unnamed             9 occurrences
expanded            34 occurrences
finances            9 occurrences
unrelated           5 occurrences
electionmr          1 occurrences
credible            11 occurrences
play                45 occurrences
unproven            1 occurrences
electionmccabe      1 occurrences
inspector           65 occurrences
connection          32 occurrences
virginia            62 occurrences
nowvirginia         1 occurrences
gov                 46 occurrences
terry               20 occurrences
mcauliffe           33 occurrences
fbithe              5 occurrences
ended               31 occurrences
thenfbi             1 occurrences
yearbringing        1 occurrences
asset               7 occurrences
facilitated         2 occurrences
feather             2 occurrences
capbut              1 occurrences
financier           3 occurrences
executives          15 occurrences
chargedthe          1 occurrences
littlenoticed       1 occurrences
labor               84 occurrences
dealsthe            2 occurrences
lack                60 occurrences
fanfare             3 occurrences
inkling             1 occurrences
implications        18 occurrences
uncoveredon         1 occurrences
residing            3 occurrences
forfeit             1 occurrences
millionronald       1 occurrences
hosko               4 occurrences
underway            13 occurrences
counterintelligence 6 occurrences
lodged              3 occurrences
idea                126 occurrences
interviewmeanwhile  1 occurrences
bandwagon           4 occurrences
teases              1 occurrences
announcement        54 occurrences
coming              128 occurrences
soon                68 occurrences
stunning            25 occurrences
clintonlynch        3 occurrences
tarmac              11 occurrences
hiding              22 occurrences
fittonfbi           1 occurrences
real                132 occurrences
realjack            1 occurrences
watchjudicial       1 occurrences
informed            44 occurrences
proposes            6 occurrences
nonexempt           1 occurrences
produced            28 occurrences
freedom             158 occurrences
comply              24 occurrences
followingall        1 occurrences
forms               25 occurrences
prepared            46 occurrences
pursuant            3 occurrences
private             228 occurrences
employee            70 occurrences
aforementioned      2 occurrences
clintonall          1 occurrences
originally          26 occurrences
locate              8 occurrences
communicated        4 occurrences
determined          41 occurrences
responsive          10 occurrences
reopened            5 occurrences
surprisingly        3 occurrences
disclose            21 occurrences
developed           16 occurrences
respond             43 occurrences
inquiries           11 occurrences
phoenix             30 occurrences
harbor              14 occurrences
airporton           1 occurrences
privately           11 occurrences
parked              3 occurrences
airport             30 occurrences
thenongoing         1 occurrences
mere                14 occurrences
fitton              21 occurrences
answers             27 occurrences
meantime            3 occurrences
stonewall           2 occurrences
although            43 occurrences
anticipates         3 occurrences
completing          3 occurrences
processing          22 occurrences
significant         67 occurrences
preferential        4 occurrences
treatmentthe        2 occurrences
extended            28 occurrences
numerous            45 occurrences
immunity            7 occurrences
agreements          23 occurrences
cheryl              16 occurrences
mills               41 occurrences
bentel              1 occurrences
management          59 occurrences
heather             5 occurrences
samuelson           2 occurrences
brian               20 occurrences
pagliano            2 occurrences
serviced            2 occurrences
nongovernment       4 occurrences
platt               1 occurrences
river               39 occurrences
networks            25 occurrences
maintained          15 occurrences
immunityin          1 occurrences
friend              84 occurrences
jill                11 occurrences
field               42 occurrences
mccabefbiclinton    1 occurrences
scandalvia          2 occurrences
busts               2 occurrences
south               131 occurrences
milestone           3 occurrences
combined            20 occurrences
loss                37 occurrences
trafficking         45 occurrences
takedown            3 occurrences
involvedthat        1 occurrences
dubious             8 occurrences
wire                16 occurrences
saleh               4 occurrences
mohammed            14 occurrences
alobaisi            3 occurrences
reynold             1 occurrences
francois            5 occurrences
ihab                1 occurrences
hassouna            2 occurrences
mohammad            17 occurrences
alteen              2 occurrences
maria               15 occurrences
jerdana             2 occurrences
ann                 26 occurrences
baker               7 occurrences
yousef              1 occurrences
homedan             1 occurrences
zahran              2 occurrences
hajje               1 occurrences
jalal               1 occurrences
hajyousef           2 occurrences
javier              8 occurrences
herrera             2 occurrences
father              92 occurrences
loans               34 occurrences
investor            15 occurrences
setting             28 occurrences
peoplenews          1 occurrences
bold                12 occurrences
lawlessnesscheck    1 occurrences
scams               2 occurrences
foreignrun          2 occurrences
stolen              27 occurrences
overseasour         1 occurrences
past                171 occurrences
ghanaian            5 occurrences
pleads              4 occurrences
latinos             13 occurrences
bust                15 occurrences
italabama           2 occurrences
busted              6 occurrences
ringis              2 occurrences
connected           25 occurrences
wonder              42 occurrences
programs            130 occurrences
abroad              13 occurrences
dumb                5 occurrences
infidel             4 occurrences
staggering          15 occurrences
relatively          17 occurrences
short               46 occurrences
karen               15 occurrences
citizenwilcox       1 occurrences
agricultureoffice   1 occurrences
defrauded           5 occurrences
healthy             26 occurrences
foods               9 occurrences
orchestrated        6 occurrences
pocketed            5 occurrences
converting          3 occurrences
owned               38 occurrences
operated            18 occurrences
nutritional         3 occurrences
pointofsale         3 occurrences
terminals           3 occurrences
authorizedthe       1 occurrences
clerk               15 occurrences
swipes              1 occurrences
card                64 occurrences
terminal            5 occurrences
lesser              3 occurrences
remainder           4 occurrences
illgotten           1 occurrences
profit              13 occurrences
ownerthe            1 occurrences
stampedecash        2 occurrences
hungry              8 occurrences
foodstamp           6 occurrences
transactions        14 occurrences
nation              289 occurrences
palm                13 occurrences
beach               10 occurrences
county              147 occurrences
sheriff             64 occurrences
identity            50 occurrences
theft               34 occurrences
ebt                 30 occurrences
cards               60 occurrences
identities          12 occurrences
opa                 3 occurrences
flea                20 occurrences
snapfood            2 occurrences
twenty              8 occurrences
crimessaleh         1 occurrences
corners             5 occurrences
sixth               7 occurrences
fort                19 occurrences
lauderdale          2 occurrences
sparkle             1 occurrences
ave                 19 occurrences
april               114 occurrences
schemecase          1 occurrences
youssef             2 occurrences
hussein             25 occurrences
pompano             2 occurrences
train               57 occurrences
yumyum              1 occurrences
grocery             4 occurrences
miami               31 occurrences
neighborhood        38 occurrences
acquired            9 occurrences
millionbut          1 occurrences
title               20 occurrences
herreras            1 occurrences
everyone            142 occurrences
santa               13 occurrences
ana                 4 occurrences
convictions         22 occurrences
thirddegree         1 occurrences
grand               37 occurrences
lottery             4 occurrences
rap                 5 occurrences
sheetread           1 occurrences
herald              17 occurrences
gunman              17 occurrences
shooting            105 occurrences
las                 17 occurrences
vegas               22 occurrences
concert             16 occurrences
crowd               37 occurrences
sang                3 occurrences
bless               11 occurrences
amazing             21 occurrences
togetherness        2 occurrences
pray                20 occurrences
victims             89 occurrences
segmentbig          1 occurrences
performed           13 occurrences
hour                38 occurrences
jason               21 occurrences
aldenea             1 occurrences
experience          40 occurrences
sound               30 occurrences
gunshots            4 occurrences
reeling             2 occurrences
worst               50 occurrences
mass                79 occurrences
wounded             22 occurrences
music               5 occurrences
festival            9 occurrences
nightpolice         1 occurrences
stephen             19 occurrences
paddock             3 occurrences
opened              36 occurrences
route               18 occurrences
harvest             3 occurrences
village             17 occurrences
room                92 occurrences
mandalay            1 occurrences
bay                 49 occurrences
hotel               41 occurrences
breached            4 occurrences
stashed             1 occurrences
arsenal             8 occurrences
massacrepaddock     1 occurrences
companion           5 occurrences
roommate            1 occurrences
marilou             2 occurrences
danley              2 occurrences
raiding             3 occurrences
mesquite            1 occurrences
joseph              31 occurrences
lombardo            2 occurrences
metropolitan        11 occurrences
motivepresident     1 occurrences
respects            7 occurrences
writing             17 occurrences
warmest             2 occurrences
condolences         5 occurrences
sympathies          6 occurrences
terrible            15 occurrences
footage             27 occurrences
concertgoers        2 occurrences
reacting            5 occurrences
confusion           6 occurrences
panic               6 occurrences
turned              83 occurrences
bloodbath           2 occurrences
themvideo           1 occurrences
stage               21 occurrences
hitting             13 occurrences
floor               44 occurrences
crawl               4 occurrences
audio               13 occurrences
bursts              2 occurrences
sustained           8 occurrences
automatic           11 occurrences
gunfirefootage      1 occurrences
gunfire             6 occurrences
stops               5 occurrences
injuries            12 occurrences
skynews             1 occurrences
rounds              17 occurrences
emptied             1 occurrences
reload              1 occurrences
massacreamong       1 occurrences
dead                80 occurrences
offduty             1 occurrences
attendees           8 occurrences
attending           19 occurrences
showtwo             1 occurrences
onduty              1 occurrences
hospitalized        3 occurrences
lessseverely        1 occurrences
identifiedall       1 occurrences
ambulances          1 occurrences
deployed            10 occurrences
hospitals           23 occurrences
singer              23 occurrences
aldean              6 occurrences
flees               1 occurrences
opens               13 occurrences
crowdvideo          1 occurrences
performer           1 occurrences
rings               4 occurrences
continues           77 occurrences
performing          11 occurrences
seconds             9 occurrences
constantly          10 occurrences
screams             6 occurrences
rise                53 occurrences
crowdspeople        1 occurrences
crowds              6 occurrences
lights              10 occurrences
dim                 2 occurrences
band                11 occurrences
message             89 occurrences
instagram           1 occurrences
horrific            25 occurrences
dont                2 occurrences
crew                13 occurrences
safeeyewitness      1 occurrences
gail                1 occurrences
davis               70 occurrences
thanks              50 occurrences
saved               22 occurrences
metro               7 occurrences
owe                 4 occurrences
cbsthismorning      1 occurrences
thoughts            17 occurrences
prayers             13 occurrences
hurts               7 occurrences
fun                 26 occurrences
heartbroken         1 occurrences
stopthehate         1 occurrences
stars               11 occurrences
affectedjake        1 occurrences
owen                2 occurrences
praying             5 occurrences
witnessed           6 occurrences
unimaginable        5 occurrences
event               85 occurrences
aren                53 occurrences
lauren              4 occurrences
alaina              1 occurrences
devastating         20 occurrences
camp                23 occurrences
brothers            30 occurrences
osborne             2 occurrences
urged               21 occurrences
revelers            1 occurrences
tweeting            6 occurrences
active              33 occurrences
lee                 39 occurrences
brice               1 occurrences
hearts              15 occurrences
nights              2 occurrences
musicians           1 occurrences
fans                7 occurrences
workers             199 occurrences
ray                 8 occurrences
mail                77 occurrences
transcript          17 occurrences
politicians         75 occurrences
mode                5 occurrences
female              32 occurrences
puerto              56 occurrences
rico                47 occurrences
guaynabo            1 occurrences
spanish             16 occurrences
radio               38 occurrences
listeners           5 occurrences
upset               18 occurrences
crying              8 occurrences
sobbing             8 occurrences
shares              8 occurrences
mayor               138 occurrences
juan                7 occurrences
politicizing        5 occurrences
offering            30 occurrences
helpnote            1 occurrences
disaster            30 occurrences
steroids            3 occurrences
celebrities         4 occurrences
claiming            50 occurrences
genocide            8 occurrences
outright            7 occurrences
lies                49 occurrences
score               8 occurrences
sufferthe           1 occurrences
visible             10 occurrences
supplies            30 occurrences
truckers            1 occurrences
aid                 55 occurrences
shown               31 occurrences
meetings            32 occurrences
fema                4 occurrences
sight               15 occurrences
ridiculous          34 occurrences
politician          21 occurrences
secondclass         1 occurrences
animals             20 occurrences
disposed            4 occurrences
carmen              5 occurrences
yul                 1 occurrences
cruzthe             1 occurrences
municipal           11 occurrences
authority           93 occurrences
english             32 occurrences
closed              29 occurrences
captioned           1 occurrences
option              34 occurrences
belowtranscriptradio1 occurrences
announcer           11 occurrences
namepolice          1 occurrences
stuff               42 occurrences
distributed         17 occurrences
rican               3 occurrences
donationsradio      1 occurrences
nowpolice           1 occurrences
guaynaboradio       1 occurrences
wowradio            1 occurrences
seenpolice          1 occurrences
yulin               4 occurrences
distribute          9 occurrences
ricans              8 occurrences
governor            98 occurrences
rosello             1 occurrences
abuse               56 occurrences
communism           16 occurrences
island              47 occurrences
inaudible           3 occurrences
translation         1 occurrences
cries               4 occurrences
cont                4 occurrences
helping             47 occurrences
accepting           21 occurrences
anymore             19 occurrences
supposedly          21 occurrences
wait                27 occurrences
license             26 occurrences
buses               10 occurrences
boricuas            1 occurrences
dying               11 occurrences
hunger              13 occurrences
protocol            4 occurrences
stretched           4 occurrences
medics              1 occurrences
crisispolice        1 occurrences
embarrassed         7 occurrences
boricua             1 occurrences
dozens              63 occurrences
soap                10 occurrences
opera               3 occurrences
upcoming            13 occurrences
yearsradio          1 occurrences
wowpolice           1 occurrences
living              127 occurrences
artists             3 occurrences
sending             42 occurrences
wasted              10 occurrences
doradio             1 occurrences
desperationradio    1 occurrences
broken              25 occurrences
listening           15 occurrences
describing          13 occurrences
heartbreaking       9 occurrences
speakingpolice      1 occurrences
application         18 occurrences
phones              21 occurrences
measures            42 occurrences
suffering           23 occurrences
partners            17 occurrences
seeing              34 occurrences
posting             19 occurrences
noone               2 occurrences
attentionradio      1 occurrences
truly               43 occurrences
sorry               13 occurrences
thatpolice          1 occurrences
cuba                72 occurrences
venezuela           42 occurrences
grateful            6 occurrences
sake                8 occurrences
helpradio           1 occurrences
send                47 occurrences
gets                78 occurrences
strongest           7 occurrences
nice                24 occurrences
mud                 3 occurrences
pardon              4 occurrences
expression          10 occurrences
foodpolice          1 occurrences
grab                18 occurrences
sausage             2 occurrences
mayors              17 occurrences
peopleradio         1 occurrences
storage             6 occurrences
outpolice           1 occurrences
harbors             2 occurrences
ports               3 occurrences
finish              12 occurrences
africa              38 occurrences
haiti               11 occurrences
era                 16 occurrences
gasoline            3 occurrences
killing             63 occurrences
firsts              1 occurrences
familiespolice      1 occurrences
kids                87 occurrences
crackers            2 occurrences
sweetie             1 occurrences
medium              3 occurrences
denounce            3 occurrences
situationpolice     1 occurrences
continuesaudiovideo 1 occurrences
offread             1 occurrences
treehouse           5 occurrences
firstgrader         1 occurrences
inspired            8 occurrences
jackwagons          2 occurrences
nfl                 9 occurrences
stand               134 occurrences
allegiance          9 occurrences
knee                8 occurrences
kaepernick          4 occurrences
tanning             2 occurrences
hide                16 occurrences
mother              68 occurrences
disrespectful       2 occurrences
pasco               1 occurrences
inclusion           13 occurrences
diversity           48 occurrences
seriouslythat       1 occurrences
boy                 40 occurrences
firstgrade          1 occurrences
teacher             27 occurrences
incidentthe         1 occurrences
seen                134 occurrences
classroom           2 occurrences
learning            24 occurrences
respecting          1 occurrences
symbols             10 occurrences
loyalty             7 occurrences
patriotism          5 occurrences
sic                 5 occurrences
mom                 25 occurrences
complained          21 occurrences
pintsized           1 occurrences
malcolm             1 occurrences
black               238 occurrences
antics              7 occurrences
define              11 occurrences
bully               13 occurrences
enforced            7 occurrences
violated            33 occurrences
preferred           11 occurrences
pigmentation        1 occurrences
racismthe           1 occurrences
apply               46 occurrences
whip                8 occurrences
scalise             24 occurrences
returned            31 occurrences
ovation             5 occurrences
belowmajority       1 occurrences
returns             27 occurrences
menendeztrial       1 occurrences
newttrump           1 occurrences
prayer              28 occurrences
underestimate       2 occurrences
examiner            30 occurrences
dcexaminer          2 occurrences
battles             8 occurrences
returning           15 occurrences
crazed              3 occurrences
massacre            13 occurrences
agorep              1 occurrences
deliberate          8 occurrences
staffer             35 occurrences
surgery             13 occurrences
recoverrand         2 occurrences
therescalise        2 occurrences
hip                 3 occurrences
brooks              14 occurrences
deck                3 occurrences
practice            53 occurrences
baseball            22 occurrences
teamnbc             2 occurrences
aides               42 occurrences
calabretta          2 occurrences
jasoncalabretta     2 occurrences
roger               7 occurrences
williams            23 occurrences
coaches             3 occurrences
attention           84 occurrences
injuriesaccording   2 occurrences
suspect             49 occurrences
custody             23 occurrences
hospitallawmakers   2 occurrences
practiced           4 occurrences
sudden              31 occurrences
shots               21 occurrences
rang                2 occurrences
dugouts             2 occurrences
avoid               46 occurrences
gunshotscongressmen 2 occurrences
attendance          7 occurrences
injured             17 occurrences
dragging            6 occurrences
yards               11 occurrences
congressmen         11 occurrences
jeff                59 occurrences
flake               11 occurrences
brad                6 occurrences
wenstrup            2 occurrences
physician           6 occurrences
pressure            57 occurrences
wound               7 occurrences
nobody              31 occurrences
survived            8 occurrences
rand                23 occurrences
bats                3 occurrences
rifle               28 occurrences
brooksarizona       2 occurrences
leg                 4 occurrences
understatement      4 occurrences
quite               56 occurrences
chest               8 occurrences
male                36 occurrences
dugout              2 occurrences
gun                 193 occurrences
semiautomatic       7 occurrences
adding              60 occurrences
unsure              4 occurrences
scatter             2 occurrences
fanning             2 occurrences
flames              4 occurrences
divisionread        2 occurrences
rumors              6 occurrences
swirl               2 occurrences
manchin             10 occurrences
facebook            91 occurrences
live                130 occurrences
protesting          17 occurrences
anthem              9 occurrences
tolerate            9 occurrences
brushing            1 occurrences
switching           3 occurrences
agrees              12 occurrences
commented           10 occurrences
sht                 11 occurrences
reelected           5 occurrences
heartfelt           4 occurrences
disrespect          3 occurrences
kneeling            1 occurrences
anthemsenator       1 occurrences
football            13 occurrences
teams               11 occurrences
contracts           30 occurrences
conditions          27 occurrences
respect             60 occurrences
whatever            43 occurrences
earth               44 occurrences
blood               25 occurrences
cause               88 occurrences
believes            77 occurrences
older               10 occurrences
sacrifices          5 occurrences
war                 219 occurrences
patriotic           9 occurrences
antonio             10 occurrences
spurs               4 occurrences
coach               5 occurrences
gregg               3 occurrences
popovich            2 occurrences
ass                 6 occurrences
jackwagon           2 occurrences
claimed             100 occurrences
finebaum            1 occurrences
feel                95 occurrences
uncomfortable       19 occurrences
singling            3 occurrences
disparaging         5 occurrences
piss                1 occurrences
wowwho              1 occurrences
decides             18 occurrences
comfortable         9 occurrences
isn                 137 occurrences
element             6 occurrences
discourse           6 occurrences
lgbt                10 occurrences
suffrage            1 occurrences
clue                12 occurrences
statedpopovich      1 occurrences
responds            13 occurrences
uninvited           2 occurrences
housepopovich       1 occurrences
warriors            5 occurrences
rescinded           3 occurrences
nba                 4 occurrences
jabari              1 occurrences
jabarijyoung        1 occurrences
social              235 occurrences
warrior             4 occurrences
literature          3 occurrences
whiteness           3 occurrences
original            36 occurrences
saidhe              9 occurrences
advantages          4 occurrences
systemically        1 occurrences
culturally          5 occurrences
psychologically     3 occurrences
cemented            1 occurrences
plate               2 occurrences
quo                 11 occurrences
fixed               14 occurrences
statedreallyread    1 occurrences
cowboys             3 occurrences
start               107 occurrences
joined              47 occurrences
jerry               14 occurrences
jones               10 occurrences
knelt               1 occurrences
linked              21 occurrences
straddle            2 occurrences
fencecrowd          1 occurrences
erupts              2 occurrences
boos                3 occurrences
kneel               3 occurrences
posobiec            3 occurrences
jackposobiec        3 occurrences
accomplish          7 occurrences
absolutely          45 occurrences
bunch               25 occurrences
fools               2 occurrences
civics              1 occurrences
tonights            2 occurrences
sports              10 occurrences
nflonfox            2 occurrences
cardinals           3 occurrences
anthemthe           1 occurrences
pictwittercomauenyoeiio1 occurrences
manual              7 occurrences
unlike              19 occurrences
bench               10 occurrences
helmets             3 occurrences
ensure              69 occurrences
pointed             40 occurrences
judged              3 occurrences
failure             42 occurrences
discipline          10 occurrences
fines               17 occurrences
suspensions         1 occurrences
forfeiture          5 occurrences
draft               22 occurrences
choices             19 occurrences
offenses            6 occurrences
grahamcassidy       1 occurrences
health              247 occurrences
screaming           8 occurrences
protest             75 occurrences
wheelchairs         2 occurrences
screamed            2 occurrences
chanted             5 occurrences
removed             59 occurrences
disruptionwow       1 occurrences
pictwittercomvolqhbkspy1 occurrences
fuller              2 occurrences
mepfuller           1 occurrences
manufactured        8 occurrences
disruption          5 occurrences
enough              170 occurrences
yell                2 occurrences
protestors          10 occurrences
welcome             30 occurrences
referencing         2 occurrences
protestorsa         1 occurrences
protestor           1 occurrences
unintelligible      4 occurrences
gonna               28 occurrences
chants              4 occurrences
grew                37 occurrences
louder              1 occurrences
pounding            5 occurrences
gavel               3 occurrences
chuck               29 occurrences
saidafter           3 occurrences
chanting            10 occurrences
touch               17 occurrences
medicaid            46 occurrences
trailing            2 occurrences
chant               3 occurrences
supposed            76 occurrences
bethe               1 occurrences
obamacare           134 occurrences
repeal              39 occurrences
mounted             5 occurrences
definite            2 occurrences
doubtful            3 occurrences
uncertainread       1 occurrences
decorum             5 occurrences
bitter              8 occurrences
michelle            40 occurrences
salt                11 occurrences
lake                13 occurrences
administrations     8 occurrences
laughableone        1 occurrences
hope                96 occurrences
led                 90 occurrences
fearwe              1 occurrences
mess                19 occurrences
hurricane           16 occurrences
doctor              22 occurrences
huhher              2 occurrences
hourlong            3 occurrences
moderated           3 occurrences
threeday            3 occurrences
hosted              21 occurrences
pluralsight         1 occurrences
utahbased           1 occurrences
companyshe          1 occurrences
tough               26 occurrences
tested              15 occurrences
professed           1 occurrences
hopeful             7 occurrences
climate             218 occurrences
improve             26 occurrences
guys                42 occurrences
color               25 occurrences
computing           3 occurrences
invest              8 occurrences
hire                28 occurrences
changing            27 occurrences
composition         2 occurrences
encouraging         14 occurrences
girls               35 occurrences
age                 45 occurrences
study               54 occurrences
science             32 occurrences
math                5 occurrences
bridging            2 occurrences
gap                 8 occurrences
persists            3 occurrences
requires            45 occurrences
revisions           3 occurrences
publicschool        2 occurrences
warrants            7 occurrences
forming             3 occurrences
fix                 25 occurrences
problems            74 occurrences
sitting             44 occurrences
table               25 occurrences
utah                25 occurrences
silicon             9 occurrences
slopes              1 occurrences
behavioral          6 occurrences
environment         48 occurrences
corporations        30 occurrences
accompany           4 occurrences
shift               16 occurrences
chimps              2 occurrences
laughs              4 occurrences
chimp               1 occurrences
sometimes           37 occurrences
animal              17 occurrences
jab                 2 occurrences
finishing           2 occurrences
generation          21 occurrences
seats               11 occurrences
sltrb               1 occurrences
hello               4 occurrences
exposes             10 occurrences
brennan             27 occurrences
clapper             21 occurrences
trumpanyone         1 occurrences
outcomes            13 occurrences
dni                 7 occurrences
primary             41 occurrences
operatives          9 occurrences
weaponizing         3 occurrences
intelligencebut     1 occurrences
playremember        1 occurrences
testimony           56 occurrences
origin              13 occurrences
candidate           106 occurrences
junejuly            2 occurrences
generate            6 occurrences
surveillance        40 occurrences
framework           10 occurrences
launch              28 occurrences
collusionceo        1 occurrences
admission           16 occurrences
belowthis           1 occurrences
goodwhat            1 occurrences
attempts            27 occurrences
dossierafter        1 occurrences
deadlines           2 occurrences
dossiernunes        1 occurrences
demanding           31 occurrences
agreed              70 occurrences
extend              15 occurrences
arrangements        6 occurrences
understood          12 occurrences
precisely           12 occurrences
seeksno             1 occurrences
unsatisfied         1 occurrences
wray                8 occurrences
directed            25 occurrences
materialsthe        2 occurrences
changed             65 occurrences
focuses             10 occurrences
retained            4 occurrences
wealthy             19 occurrences
incorporating       1 occurrences
relying             10 occurrences
exists              18 occurrences
informantsource     1 occurrences
otherwise           25 occurrences
steelefinally       1 occurrences
requested           40 occurrences
plus                18 occurrences
informationso       1 occurrences
deadlineread        1 occurrences
ages                12 occurrences
addressed           13 occurrences
belowpresident      2 occurrences
distinguished       5 occurrences
delegates           36 occurrences
profound            7 occurrences
honor               31 occurrences
worldas             1 occurrences
suffer              14 occurrences
effects             19 occurrences
hurricanes          1 occurrences
appreciation        2 occurrences
resilient           4 occurrences
emerge              8 occurrences
hardships           1 occurrences
beforefortunately   1 occurrences
stock               16 occurrences
unemployment        55 occurrences
lowest              20 occurrences
regulatory          13 occurrences
reforms             20 occurrences
growth              94 occurrences
likes               10 occurrences
defenseour          1 occurrences
religions           5 occurrences
intend              11 occurrences
enormous            17 occurrences
unleashedwe         1 occurrences
breakthroughs       2 occurrences
medicine            7 occurrences
curing              1 occurrences
illnesses           3 occurrences
solving             2 occurrences
generations         17 occurrences
impossible          15 occurrences
solvebut            1 occurrences
brings              22 occurrences
growing             62 occurrences
dangers             18 occurrences
cherish             1 occurrences
strength            19 occurrences
spread              39 occurrences
planet              23 occurrences
rogue               13 occurrences
regimes             9 occurrences
humanityauthority   1 occurrences
authoritarian       6 occurrences
powers              53 occurrences
seek                67 occurrences
collapse            25 occurrences
values              29 occurrences
alliances           5 occurrences
conflict            48 occurrences
tilted              1 occurrences
iiinternational     1 occurrences
traffic             38 occurrences
drugs               27 occurrences
force               183 occurrences
dislocation         1 occurrences
migration           38 occurrences
aggression          10 occurrences
exploit             12 occurrences
menace              1 occurrences
citizensto          1 occurrences
meet                75 occurrences
immense             1 occurrences
promise             40 occurrences
peril               2 occurrences
entirely            24 occurrences
lift                20 occurrences
heights             9 occurrences
valley              21 occurrences
disrepairwe         1 occurrences
poverty             72 occurrences
dreams              11 occurrences
hatred              16 occurrences
fearthis            1 occurrences
founded             19 occurrences
aftermath           15 occurrences
wars                16 occurrences
shape               14 occurrences
vision              21 occurrences
diverse             21 occurrences
preserve            24 occurrences
promote             41 occurrences
prosperityit        1 occurrences
marshall            22 occurrences
europe              127 occurrences
pillars             2 occurrences
prosperitythe       1 occurrences
noble               4 occurrences
safer               16 occurrences
independent         37 occurrences
truman              3 occurrences
european            84 occurrences
recovery            23 occurrences
accord              26 occurrences
depends             6 occurrences
overcome            5 occurrences
perils              1 occurrences
achieve             22 occurrences
wisdom              5 occurrences
coalition           31 occurrences
embrace             13 occurrences
prosperity          20 occurrences
worldwe             2 occurrences
expect              52 occurrences
cultures            8 occurrences
traditions          13 occurrences
uphold              6 occurrences
sovereign           27 occurrences
duties              20 occurrences
successstrong       1 occurrences
coexist             1 occurrences
mutual              9 occurrences
respectstrong       1 occurrences
destiny             4 occurrences
flourish            1 occurrences
fullness            2 occurrences
intended            45 occurrences
godin               1 occurrences
impose              16 occurrences
shine               3 occurrences
pride               11 occurrences
celebrating         21 occurrences
anniversary         12 occurrences
beloved             5 occurrences
oldest              9 occurrences
todaythis           3 occurrences
timeless            1 occurrences
countless           10 occurrences
globe               21 occurrences
inspiration         4 occurrences
nature              28 occurrences
dignity             12 occurrences
lawthe              5 occurrences
words               98 occurrences
sacrificed          5 occurrences
maintain            26 occurrences
belongsin           1 occurrences
renewing            4 occurrences
principle           14 occurrences
defend              78 occurrences
valuesas            1 occurrences
applauseall         1 occurrences
obligation          17 occurrences
nationstate         1 occurrences
elevating           1 occurrences
conditionbut        1 occurrences
harmony             4 occurrences
unity               15 occurrences
peaceful            29 occurrences
forever             18 occurrences
allies              58 occurrences
advantage           33 occurrences
onesided            5 occurrences
elsebut             1 occurrences
fulfilling          4 occurrences
obligations         16 occurrences
prosperous          8 occurrences
secureamerica       1 occurrences
charter             10 occurrences
ultimate            20 occurrences
hall                49 occurrences
devotion            6 occurrences
measured            6 occurrences
battlefields        2 occurrences
fought              34 occurrences
beaches             2 occurrences
deserts             5 occurrences
east                78 occurrences
jungles             2 occurrences
asiait              1 occurrences
eternal             2 occurrences
character           15 occurrences
emerged             22 occurrences
victorious          2 occurrences
bloodiest           1 occurrences
territorial         5 occurrences
institutions        32 occurrences
allfor              2 occurrences
strife              2 occurrences
guided              4 occurrences
ideology            25 occurrences
principled          3 occurrences
realism             2 occurrences
rooted              5 occurrences
goals               21 occurrences
valuesthat          1 occurrences
confront            16 occurrences
facing              39 occurrences
escape              13 occurrences
slide               4 occurrences
path                30 occurrences
complacency         1 occurrences
numb                1 occurrences
tomorrowif          1 occurrences
desire              30 occurrences
aspire              4 occurrences
fulfill             14 occurrences
faithfully          6 occurrences
represent           37 occurrences
futures             7 occurrences
ukraine             12 occurrences
china               83 occurrences
sea                 35 occurrences
culture             49 occurrences
chaos               36 occurrences
turmoil             5 occurrences
terrorthe           1 occurrences
scourge             3 occurrences
countriesif         1 occurrences
righteous           2 occurrences
wicked              3 occurrences
evil                36 occurrences
triumph             4 occurrences
decent              11 occurrences
bystanders          2 occurrences
destruction         26 occurrences
strengthno          1 occurrences
contempt            20 occurrences
wellbeing           8 occurrences
depraved            1 occurrences
korea               62 occurrences
starvation          2 occurrences
deaths              17 occurrences
imprisonment        3 occurrences
torture             16 occurrences
oppression          3 occurrences
morewe              1 occurrences
deadly              31 occurrences
innocent            43 occurrences
otto                4 occurrences
warmbier            4 occurrences
die                 31 occurrences
brother             40 occurrences
banned              29 occurrences
nerve               5 occurrences
kidnapped           8 occurrences
sweet               6 occurrences
girl                30 occurrences
enslave             2 occurrences
tutor               1 occurrences
spiesif             1 occurrences
twisted             6 occurrences
pursuit             8 occurrences
missiles            32 occurrences
threatens           14 occurrences
unthinkable         2 occurrences
lifeit              2 occurrences
outrage             28 occurrences
trade               106 occurrences
supply              6 occurrences
financially         10 occurrences
imperils            2 occurrences
missilesthe         1 occurrences
patience            4 occurrences
totally             28 occurrences
destroy             47 occurrences
rocket              6 occurrences
suicide             27 occurrences
mission             45 occurrences
willing             69 occurrences
hopefully           11 occurrences
necessary           56 occurrences
doit                1 occurrences
denuclearization    2 occurrences
acceptable          14 occurrences
unanimous           7 occurrences
adopting            6 occurrences
hardhitting         1 occurrences
resolutions         5 occurrences
involvedbut         1 occurrences
isolate             1 occurrences
kim                 25 occurrences
ceases              1 occurrences
behaviorwe          1 occurrences
speaks              18 occurrences
openly              25 occurrences
vowing              5 occurrences
ruin                4 occurrences
roomthe             1 occurrences
masks               2 occurrences
dictatorship        10 occurrences
guise               6 occurrences
economically        8 occurrences
depleted            4 occurrences
exports             8 occurrences
bloodshed           5 occurrences
longestsuffering    1 occurrences
peoplerather        1 occurrences
oil                 71 occurrences
profits             8 occurrences
fund                96 occurrences
arab                37 occurrences
israeli             35 occurrences
neighbors           29 occurrences
wealth              41 occurrences
rightly             8 occurrences
belongs             7 occurrences
shore               6 occurrences
bashar              16 occurrences
alassad             12 occurrences
eastwe              1 occurrences
murderous           7 occurrences
destabilizing       5 occurrences
dangerous           79 occurrences
abide               9 occurrences
provides            40 occurrences
eventual            6 occurrences
applause            9 occurrences
embarrassment       5 occurrences
meit                1 occurrences
unjustly            3 occurrences
detained            27 occurrences
supporting          41 occurrences
neighborsthe        1 occurrences
causes              25 occurrences
restrict            12 occurrences
internet            83 occurrences
tear                12 occurrences
satellite           13 occurrences
dishes              1 occurrences
shoot               28 occurrences
unarmed             11 occurrences
imprison            1 occurrences
reformersoppressive 1 occurrences
roots               10 occurrences
civilization        7 occurrences
happy               28 occurrences
againthe            1 occurrences
stark               8 occurrences
contrast            18 occurrences
commitments         3 occurrences
halt                25 occurrences
financingin         1 occurrences
saudi               61 occurrences
arabia              36 occurrences
greatly             7 occurrences
honored             7 occurrences
extremism           26 occurrences
inspires            1 occurrences
themwe              1 occurrences
radical             120 occurrences
transit             6 occurrences
vile                5 occurrences
sinister            5 occurrences
drive               46 occurrences
expose              21 occurrences
taliban             25 occurrences
slaughter           7 occurrences
crush               7 occurrences
loser               5 occurrences
reemergence         2 occurrences
havens              1 occurrences
peoplelast          1 occurrences
strategy            46 occurrences
dictate             6 occurrences
length              5 occurrences
arbitrary           8 occurrences
benchmarks          2 occurrences
timetables          2 occurrences
politiciansi        1 occurrences
iraq                84 occurrences
gains               11 occurrences
lasting             3 occurrences
achieved            7 occurrences
combinedwe          1 occurrences
deescalation        1 occurrences
syrian              178 occurrences
solution            34 occurrences
honors              6 occurrences
chemical            30 occurrences
conscience          7 occurrences
society             111 occurrences
missile             60 occurrences
strike              39 occurrences
airbase             4 occurrences
attackwe            1 occurrences
vital               14 occurrences
humanitarian        24 occurrences
liberated           2 occurrences
jordan              12 occurrences
turkey              23 occurrences
hosting             8 occurrences
refugees            386 occurrences
conflictthe         1 occurrences
compassionate       5 occurrences
billions            57 occurrences
approach            40 occurrences
resettlement        102 occurrences
horribly            4 occurrences
enables             3 occurrences
rebuilding          3 occurrences
processfor          1 occurrences
cost                153 occurrences
resettling          7 occurrences
offer               57 occurrences
approachfor         1 occurrences
decades             68 occurrences
dealt               7 occurrences
western             67 occurrences
hemisphere          7 occurrences
uncontrolled        3 occurrences
deeply              24 occurrences
unfair              21 occurrences
countriesfor        1 occurrences
reduces             7 occurrences
domestic            45 occurrences
pursue              30 occurrences
economic            138 occurrences
drains              1 occurrences
motivate            6 occurrences
implement           30 occurrences
reformsfor          1 occurrences
borne               3 occurrences
overwhelmingly      5 occurrences
ignored             26 occurrences
governmenti         1 occurrences
salute              7 occurrences
flee                12 occurrences
homes               36 occurrences
african             47 occurrences
peacekeeping        5 occurrences
missions            4 occurrences
invaluable          2 occurrences
contributions       19 occurrences
stabilizing         1 occurrences
conflicts           22 occurrences
famine              2 occurrences
prevention          13 occurrences
relief              43 occurrences
sudan               14 occurrences
northern            29 occurrences
nigeria             5 occurrences
yemenwe             1 occurrences
invested            5 occurrences
pepfar              1 occurrences
aids                3 occurrences
malaria             1 occurrences
initiative          62 occurrences
slavery             19 occurrences
entrepreneurs       5 occurrences
commitment          30 occurrences
empowering          1 occurrences
globewe             1 occurrences
recognizing         9 occurrences
effective           40 occurrences
partner             32 occurrences
confronting         4 occurrences
processin           2 occurrences
subvert             3 occurrences
aims                11 occurrences
hijacked            4 occurrences
advance             34 occurrences
egregious           12 occurrences
sit                 31 occurrences
councilthe          1 occurrences
realizes            3 occurrences
bears               6 occurrences
burden              19 occurrences
fair                66 occurrences
goal                63 occurrences
easily              35 occurrences
itmajor             1 occurrences
portions            8 occurrences
hell                33 occurrences
powerful            50 occurrences
guidance            15 occurrences
auspices            2 occurrences
solve               16 occurrences
vicious             6 occurrences
problemsthe         1 occurrences
accountable         28 occurrences
advocate            16 occurrences
bear                18 occurrences
disproportionate    1 occurrences
militarily          5 occurrences
promoting           24 occurrences
societies           9 occurrences
regionsthat         1 occurrences
embraced            3 occurrences
dream               13 occurrences
cuban               35 occurrences
reformswe           1 occurrences
calibrated          1 occurrences
maduro              18 occurrences
thriving            3 occurrences
brink               5 occurrences
collapsethe         1 occurrences
nicolas             5 occurrences
inflicted           2 occurrences
pain                11 occurrences
destroyed           38 occurrences
imposing            8 occurrences
misery              5 occurrences
everywhere          22 occurrences
defied              7 occurrences
stealing            17 occurrences
disastrous          14 occurrences
rulethe             2 occurrences
venezuelan          10 occurrences
starving            3 occurrences
collapsing          5 occurrences
completely          46 occurrences
unacceptable        4 occurrences
watchas             1 occurrences
neighbor            10 occurrences
regain              3 occurrences
recover             10 occurrences
steps               42 occurrences
peoplewe            2 occurrences
fortunate           3 occurrences
relationships       12 occurrences
latin               20 occurrences
bond                16 occurrences
advancing           5 occurrences
neighborsi          1 occurrences
crisis              111 occurrences
restoration         8 occurrences
freedoms            13 occurrences
applausethe         1 occurrences
socialism           38 occurrences
poorly              6 occurrences
implemented         16 occurrences
wherever            7 occurrences
adopted             23 occurrences
anguish             1 occurrences
devastation         4 occurrences
preach              2 occurrences
tenets              2 occurrences
discredited         3 occurrences
ideologies          2 occurrences
contribute          8 occurrences
cruel               3 occurrences
systemsamerica      1 occurrences
brutal              17 occurrences
deserve             20 occurrences
cares               13 occurrences
prosperityin        1 occurrences
stronger            20 occurrences
reciprocalfor       1 occurrences
mammoth             1 occurrences
multinational       4 occurrences
deals               30 occurrences
unaccountable       3 occurrences
tribunals           2 occurrences
bureaucracies       2 occurrences
vanished            5 occurrences
factories           2 occurrences
disappeared         10 occurrences
gamed               1 occurrences
bedrock             1 occurrences
forgotten           12 occurrences
againwhile          1 occurrences
todayif             1 occurrences
successfully        17 occurrences
depend              5 occurrences
opportunities       25 occurrences
substitute          4 occurrences
histories           1 occurrences
destinies           1 occurrences
befriend            1 occurrences
enemies             34 occurrences
conquer             6 occurrences
sacrifice           14 occurrences
fellow              52 occurrences
spiritin            1 occurrences
remembering         2 occurrences
forget              23 occurrences
heroes              9 occurrences
lovedpatriotism     1 occurrences
poles               3 occurrences
poland              9 occurrences
french              33 occurrences
france              50 occurrences
brits               3 occurrences
britaintoday        1 occurrences
ourselves           23 occurrences
minds               10 occurrences
communities         92 occurrences
uswe                1 occurrences
faraway             1 occurrences
faroff              1 occurrences
bureaucrats         10 occurrences
decay               2 occurrences
domination          5 occurrences
defeatthe           1 occurrences
revere              5 occurrences
citizensone         1 occurrences
revolution          20 occurrences
effected            1 occurrences
commenced           1 occurrences
awoke               2 occurrences
valued              6 occurrences
moments             22 occurrences
futurethe           2 occurrences
defenders           6 occurrences
allnow              1 occurrences
reawakening         2 occurrences
revival             2 occurrences
spirits             5 occurrences
patriotismhistory   1 occurrences
asking              95 occurrences
task                15 occurrences
renewal             3 occurrences
rediscovery         1 occurrences
resolve             19 occurrences
rebirth             1 occurrences
humanity            11 occurrences
unlock              7 occurrences
itselfour           1 occurrences
wonderful           14 occurrences
earththis           1 occurrences
wish                26 occurrences
deepest             5 occurrences
yearning            2 occurrences
sacred              9 occurrences
soulso              1 occurrences
almighty            1 occurrences
allthank            1 occurrences
wiretapped          3 occurrences
possibly            44 occurrences
surveilled          2 occurrences
indirectlythe       1 occurrences
door                46 occurrences
surveillanceboom    1 occurrences
wiretap             1 occurrences
payed               1 occurrences
monster             8 occurrences
stockmonsterusa     4 occurrences
wiretappingsources  1 occurrences
suspected           36 occurrences
require             54 occurrences
provide             142 occurrences
suspicion           9 occurrences
wrongpaul           1 occurrences
snooping            2 occurrences
sparked             12 occurrences
encouraged          20 occurrences
cautioned           7 occurrences
conclusivespecial   1 occurrences
communicationsa     2 occurrences
handles             7 occurrences
centered            9 occurrences
consulting          12 occurrences
firms               15 occurrences
ruling              57 occurrences
discontinued        2 occurrences
sourcesthe          2 occurrences
restarted           4 occurrences
powerread           1 occurrences
maxine              12 occurrences
waters              33 occurrences
angry               34 occurrences
nonstop             6 occurrences
westchesterplaya    1 occurrences
church              70 occurrences
queen               12 occurrences
resistance          23 occurrences
resist              7 occurrences
impeach             8 occurrences
auntie              2 occurrences
rest                54 occurrences
mansion             3 occurrences
repmaxinewaters     1 occurrences
wallswork           1 occurrences
navarro             2 occurrences
realomarnavarro     1 occurrences
immigrationwaters   1 occurrences
opponent            11 occurrences
hedge               23 occurrences
congresswoman       9 occurrences
property            93 occurrences
protects            5 occurrences
unwashed            1 occurrences
masseswaters        1 occurrences
hancock             2 occurrences
los                 48 occurrences
angeles             45 occurrences
californiahere      1 occurrences
google              18 occurrences
propertyboth        1 occurrences
zillow              1 occurrences
canary              1 occurrences
estimate            45 occurrences
residential         12 occurrences
properties          7 occurrences
lucerne             1 occurrences
boulevard           4 occurrences
millionwaters       1 occurrences
generally           26 occurrences
venezuelans         7 occurrences
eat                 11 occurrences
rabbits             5 occurrences
pets                2 occurrences
pet                 12 occurrences
starve              1 occurrences
severe              17 occurrences
utopia              5 occurrences
keeps               15 occurrences
downhill            4 occurrences
cannibalismpresident1 occurrences
rabbit              3 occurrences
freddy              1 occurrences
bernal              2 occurrences
periscope           2 occurrences
breed               7 occurrences
protein             1 occurrences
cholesterolgovernment1 occurrences
pushes              5 occurrences
consumption         12 occurrences
patterns            6 occurrences
kilos               3 occurrences
meat                35 occurrences
stressed            3 occurrences
streamed            1 occurrences
invoked             5 occurrences
revise              2 occurrences
cultural            34 occurrences
saidvenezuelan      1 occurrences
henrique            1 occurrences
capriles            1 occurrences
threefourths        1 occurrences
pounds              8 occurrences
particularly        36 occurrences
scarce              5 occurrences
resorting           3 occurrences
butchering          2 occurrences
zoo                 1 occurrences
policemost          1 occurrences
economists          8 occurrences
policies            129 occurrences
hugo                6 occurrences
chavez              9 occurrences
successor           16 occurrences
instituted          7 occurrences
controls            20 occurrences
items               43 occurrences
shortages           17 occurrences
inflationwe         1 occurrences
toilet              23 occurrences
venezuelabyotp      1 occurrences
foodsocialism       1 occurrences
hellhole            2 occurrences
hotels              15 occurrences
guests              17 occurrences
tourism             9 occurrences
extreme             25 occurrences
xinia               2 occurrences
camacho             5 occurrences
boutique            4 occurrences
foothills           3 occurrences
sierra              6 occurrences
nevada              44 occurrences
milk                9 occurrences
coffee              10 occurrences
sugar               4 occurrences
montilla            2 occurrences
familyrun           2 occurrences
afford              46 occurrences
prices              39 occurrences
withoutread         1 occurrences
tizzy               1 occurrences
frank               52 occurrences
giaccio             2 occurrences
lawn                17 occurrences
lol                 4 occurrences
mowing              4 occurrences
yesterdaya          1 occurrences
hammered            7 occurrences
bashed              5 occurrences
moneyhere           1 occurrences
saysthe             3 occurrences
keeping             44 occurrences
services            169 occurrences
loves               12 occurrences
morningpresident    2 occurrences
giaccioon           3 occurrences
melania             9 occurrences
myself              22 occurrences
natlparkservice     4 occurrences
afrank              2 occurrences
augustnote          1 occurrences
spectacular         3 occurrences
positive            42 occurrences
stories             24 occurrences
scores              13 occurrences
ethnicities         1 occurrences
genders             1 occurrences
huckabee            7 occurrences
willheres           1 occurrences
reading             31 occurrences
meg                 2 occurrences
wagner              1 occurrences
megwagner           1 occurrences
entrepreneur        1 occurrences
touched             10 occurrences
dear                8 occurrences
presidentit         2 occurrences
mow                 1 occurrences
weekend             38 occurrences
admire              2 occurrences
background          57 occurrences
lawns               1 occurrences
attached            6 occurrences
flyer               2 occurrences
mower               3 occurrences
weed                8 occurrences
whacker             2 occurrences
extra               20 occurrences
batteries           1 occurrences
chargesincerelyfrank1 occurrences
huckabeesanders     1 occurrences
tickled             1 occurrences
pink                1 occurrences
ambitious           8 occurrences
birthday            6 occurrences
invite              13 occurrences
groundskeeper       1 occurrences
worlds              3 occurrences
apart               29 occurrences
jersey              59 occurrences
corey               2 occurrences
booker              17 occurrences
freebies            7 occurrences
healthcare          50 occurrences
bridges             15 occurrences
tunnels             6 occurrences
wouldn              70 occurrences
njtv                1 occurrences
cosponsoring        1 occurrences
vermont             14 occurrences
singlepayer         8 occurrences
billsingle          1 occurrences
payer               4 occurrences
endgame             3 occurrences
democratsthe        1 occurrences
medicare            19 occurrences
covers              11 occurrences
americansunder      1 occurrences
expenses            32 occurrences
supports            16 occurrences
punished            13 occurrences
workingclass        3 occurrences
affordable          46 occurrences
gruber              4 occurrences
architect           5 occurrences
admits              12 occurrences
pathway             3 occurrences
single              84 occurrences
lady                57 occurrences
commemorate         3 occurrences
ceremony            19 occurrences
pentagon            67 occurrences
videosthe           1 occurrences
starts              10 occurrences
markpresident       1 occurrences
pentagona           1 occurrences
remembrance         1 occurrences
pearl               12 occurrences
affiliated          13 occurrences
tents               1 occurrences
tables              9 occurrences
chairs              8 occurrences
gear                12 occurrences
occupation          14 occurrences
farragut            3 occurrences
square              26 occurrences
sideways            1 occurrences
ground              63 occurrences
feed                17 occurrences
squarethe           1 occurrences
messageat           1 occurrences
structures          5 occurrences
vigil               6 occurrences
supremacy           6 occurrences
charlottesville     11 occurrences
marched             6 occurrences
downtown            10 occurrences
supremacists        3 occurrences
presidentone        1 occurrences
organizers          10 occurrences
volumes             5 occurrences
permit              15 occurrences
supremacist         10 occurrences
rally               39 occurrences
nonviolent          6 occurrences
disappointed        19 occurrences
frustrated          17 occurrences
resolved            9 occurrences
reasonable          29 occurrences
goods               26 occurrences
march               168 occurrences
confiscated         5 occurrences
squating            1 occurrences
permitgood          1 occurrences
luck                5 occurrences
scott               44 occurrences
presser             5 occurrences
caused              50 occurrences
stir                2 occurrences
facial              2 occurrences
expressions         2 occurrences
thinkwhat           1 occurrences
evacuate            2 occurrences
technique           8 occurrences
expressiongov       1 occurrences
irma                7 occurrences
animated            3 occurrences
expressionsstorm    1 occurrences
updatehurricane     1 occurrences
warning             60 occurrences
stay                74 occurrences
outer               3 occurrences
storm               16 occurrences
surge               27 occurrences
shelters            7 occurrences
evacuatedstay       1 occurrences
floridalive         1 occurrences
tracking            15 occurrences
stormhurricane      1 occurrences
atlantic            12 occurrences
mph                 4 occurrences
winds               3 occurrences
hovering            3 occurrences
projections         6 occurrences
approaching         8 occurrences
islands             7 occurrences
radar               17 occurrences
eye                 26 occurrences
constant            14 occurrences
stream              24 occurrences
updates             5 occurrences
periodically        2 occurrences
switches            1 occurrences
webcams             1 occurrences
impacted            8 occurrences
category            21 occurrences
keys                4 occurrences
floridairma         1 occurrences
hits                6 occurrences
sundaymeteorologists1 occurrences
sunshine            4 occurrences
devastate           2 occurrences
brock               1 occurrences
administrator       16 occurrences
emergency           34 occurrences
couple              62 occurrences
downgraded          3 occurrences
predicted           13 occurrences
fourth              25 occurrences
mainland            5 occurrences
southeast           6 occurrences
maximum             11 occurrences
uproot              1 occurrences
trees               13 occurrences
roofs               1 occurrences
preparation         3 occurrences
estimated           39 occurrences
mandatory           17 occurrences
evacuation          2 occurrences
georgiathe          1 occurrences
bumper              1 occurrences
bumpera             1 occurrences
cutting             18 occurrences
gougingread         1 occurrences
wilbur              9 occurrences
ross                18 occurrences
wapo                11 occurrences
explaining          15 occurrences
simplifying         1 occurrences
pager               1 occurrences
amen                4 occurrences
thatif              1 occurrences
simplification      2 occurrences
pretty              91 occurrences
awesomemore         1 occurrences
rosswilbur          1 occurrences
neil                18 occurrences
cavuto              6 occurrences
paris               86 occurrences
brilliantly         3 occurrences
boondoggle          5 occurrences
drain               6 occurrences
trillions           6 occurrences
lucky               6 occurrences
apolitical          3 occurrences
financiallywilbur   1 occurrences
lauer               3 occurrences
withdraw            6 occurrences
environmentalist    3 occurrences
damage              29 occurrences
satire              3 occurrences
piece               39 occurrences
onion               2 occurrences
funny               16 occurrences
ads                 11 occurrences
believed            57 occurrences
swayed              2 occurrences
electionhow         1 occurrences
horrible            23 occurrences
fed                 41 occurrences
joke                16 occurrences
proves              9 occurrences
nothinga            1 occurrences
whopping            9 occurrences
adsfacebook         1 occurrences
purchased           15 occurrences
reporta             2 occurrences
data                153 occurrences
buyers              3 occurrences
divisive            18 occurrences
blog                26 occurrences
twoyear             6 occurrences
accounts            40 occurrences
pagespresident      1 occurrences
colluded            3 occurrences
dogged              4 occurrences
hoax                7 occurrences
focused             35 occurrences
hotbutton           1 occurrences
topics              6 occurrences
authoritieswhaaaat  1 occurrences
exactlyfacebook     1 occurrences
platform            19 occurrences
sway                6 occurrences
outcome             22 occurrences
electionit          1 occurrences
specify             5 occurrences
contradict          6 occurrences
electionvia         2 occurrences
cnbc                8 occurrences
kasich              6 occurrences
dreamers            11 occurrences
welcomes            3 occurrences
pictwittercomgzkgsnicgb1 occurrences
johnkasich          1 occurrences
reportedohio        1 occurrences
outspoken           12 occurrences
blasted             16 occurrences
dismantling         3 occurrences
obamaera            3 occurrences
illegallyon         1 occurrences
contributors        6 occurrences
melting             3 occurrences
pot                 7 occurrences
somewhere           15 occurrences
rival               15 occurrences
deferred            14 occurrences
childhood           16 occurrences
arrivals            19 occurrences
daca                16 occurrences
rescind             2 occurrences
grandson            3 occurrences
czech               5 occurrences
croatian            3 occurrences
observed            12 occurrences
croatia             5 occurrences
cleveleand          1 occurrences
harvey              6 occurrences
flood               25 occurrences
att                 10 occurrences
sketchy             3 occurrences
verizon             2 occurrences
cajun               7 occurrences
navy                44 occurrences
texan               2 occurrences
equipped            5 occurrences
govt                3 occurrences
faster              13 occurrences
divide              16 occurrences
divides             2 occurrences
negative            29 occurrences
cook                12 occurrences
shallow             4 occurrences
boat                15 occurrences
anywhere            25 occurrences
roadways            1 occurrences
defeatedwe          1 occurrences
itthe               13 occurrences
spirit              10 occurrences
alive               24 occurrences
magalouisiana       1 occurrences
cheeeese            1 occurrences
evacuees            2 occurrences
himtwo              1 occurrences
selfie              4 occurrences
elex                1 occurrences
michaelson          1 occurrences
encountertogether   1 occurrences
prevail             2 occurrences
yougod              1 occurrences
usa                 44 occurrences
nrg                 2 occurrences
stadium             15 occurrences
puts                24 occurrences
gloves              6 occurrences
presidentas         1 occurrences
plastic             3 occurrences
pat                 15 occurrences
ward                11 occurrences
warddpatrick        1 occurrences
meets               6 occurrences
rebuild             9 occurrences
handing             11 occurrences
houston             16 occurrences
rebuildtexasstrong  1 occurrences
alex                5 occurrences
quit                5 occurrences
opposes             7 occurrences
cancelation         1 occurrences
bye                 1 occurrences
byetrump            1 occurrences
acosta              3 occurrences
moves               19 occurrences
newsroom            4 occurrences
cnnnewsroom         2 occurrences
remind              6 occurrences
standpoint          2 occurrences
purely              5 occurrences
sorts               8 occurrences
costing             19 occurrences
nothingdaca         1 occurrences
moneyon             1 occurrences
degrees             6 occurrences
degree              30 occurrences
consume             4 occurrences
officialsin         3 occurrences
amnesty             56 occurrences
spike               5 occurrences
becomes             18 occurrences
eligible            37 occurrences
lowskilled          2 occurrences
migrantsif          1 occurrences
parents             106 occurrences
numbersmoreover     1 occurrences
driven              11 occurrences
wages               26 occurrences
ordinary            17 occurrences
urban               43 occurrences
youths              3 occurrences
lose                34 occurrences
salaries            21 occurrences
cheap               19 occurrences
academies           1 occurrences
reportvia           3 occurrences
cuomo               29 occurrences
shocking            38 occurrences
announcements       3 occurrences
columbus            14 occurrences
statues             24 occurrences
endorse             10 occurrences
blasioduring        1 occurrences
indian              8 occurrences
famous              23 occurrences
explorer            3 occurrences
statue              21 occurrences
italianamerican     1 occurrences
italianamericans    1 occurrences
caribbean           5 occurrences
endorsement         11 occurrences
royal               8 occurrences
heavyweightsgov     1 occurrences
endorsing           5 occurrences
blasio              35 occurrences
westchester         4 occurrences
resident            24 occurrences
endorsements        2 occurrences
heavily             21 occurrences
favored             5 occurrences
nonendorsement      1 occurrences
sniping             2 occurrences
brokers             4 occurrences
monica              8 occurrences
klein               21 occurrences
firestorm           7 occurrences
criticism           33 occurrences
sink                4 occurrences
offensive           27 occurrences
saidthere           3 occurrences
backtracking        1 occurrences
decisionmayor       1 occurrences
speaker             69 occurrences
melissa             4 occurrences
mark                73 occurrences
viverito            1 occurrences
mulling             2 occurrences
structure           8 occurrences
monuments           30 occurrences
backtracked         2 occurrences
outcry              11 occurrences
phillipswhile       1 occurrences
revered             2 occurrences
discovering         3 occurrences
detractors          2 occurrences
mistreated          1 occurrences
enslaved            4 occurrences
native              33 occurrences
populations         22 occurrences
extolledcuomo       1 occurrences
wet                 2 occurrences
finger              11 occurrences
goingit             1 occurrences
waded               2 occurrences
declining           15 occurrences
campsde             1 occurrences
feudread            1 occurrences
commercials         2 occurrences
pillow              6 occurrences
lindell             4 occurrences
promised            47 occurrences
pillows             4 occurrences
shelterswho         1 occurrences
sleepthis           1 occurrences
moneywcco           1 occurrences
minneapolis         20 occurrences
reportedsix         1 occurrences
trucks              23 occurrences
mypillow            1 occurrences
heading             19 occurrences
rescue              22 occurrences
areafounder         1 occurrences
affected            23 occurrences
bit                 51 occurrences
sleep               8 occurrences
displaced           16 occurrences
employeesawesome    1 occurrences
rebel               19 occurrences
attacking           24 occurrences
feigin              6 occurrences
wrongfully          3 occurrences
antimuslim          14 occurrences
crimeon             1 occurrences
annoying            2 occurrences
phone               103 occurrences
kamala              4 occurrences
harrislapd          1 occurrences
traced              9 occurrences
labeling            9 occurrences
muslimson           1 occurrences
raided              6 occurrences
lapd                2 occurrences
placed              40 occurrences
complicit           4 occurrences
portraying          2 occurrences
murderercmdr        1 occurrences
horace              1 occurrences
answered            12 occurrences
belief              30 occurrences
disclosure          22 occurrences
slawsonmichael      1 occurrences
slawson             2 occurrences
democratically      4 occurrences
superior            8 occurrences
slawsonin           1 occurrences
jongun              3 occurrences
preparing           17 occurrences
parachute           1 occurrences
stalin              1 occurrences
biplanesfootage     1 occurrences
korean              24 occurrences
paratroops          1 occurrences
aged                2 occurrences
aircraft            38 occurrences
low                 59 occurrences
levels              39 occurrences
forcethe            3 occurrences
profile             11 occurrences
meaning             24 occurrences
track               47 occurrences
conventional        11 occurrences
fly                 24 occurrences
slow                18 occurrences
speed               16 occurrences
antiaircraft        3 occurrences
programmed          2 occurrences
ignore              23 occurrences
returnsalso         1 occurrences
hug                 3 occurrences
groundbased         1 occurrences
supersonic          1 occurrences
jets                19 occurrences
difficulty          4 occurrences
detecting           2 occurrences
wings               3 occurrences
fuselage            1 occurrences
fleet               7 occurrences
painted             5 occurrences
green               80 occurrences
camouflage          3 occurrences
prevent             90 occurrences
troops              36 occurrences
spotting            1 occurrences
land                94 occurrences
sections            2 occurrences
disembark           1 occurrences
deliver             32 occurrences
bomb                26 occurrences
strategically       4 occurrences
artillery           2 occurrences
pieces              13 occurrences
striking            15 occurrences
range               50 occurrences
seoul               4 occurrences
miniaturise         1 occurrences
fit                 17 occurrences
load                4 occurrences
onetonne            1 occurrences
cargo               14 occurrences
detonate            4 occurrences
lunatic             5 occurrences
hateful             15 occurrences
mothercker          1 occurrences
vitriol             3 occurrences
potty               2 occurrences
crybabies           1 occurrences
keith               8 occurrences
olbermann           2 occurrences
onethe              4 occurrences
hatefulness         1 occurrences
ends                18 occurrences
mouth               8 occurrences
attract             4 occurrences
weekhe              1 occurrences
alliance            16 occurrences
rebranded           3 occurrences
acorn               4 occurrences
puzzling            3 occurrences
commie              6 occurrences
raza                14 occurrences
defiant             5 occurrences
doubling            6 occurrences
nastinessour        1 occurrences
belowperez          1 occurrences
cahoots             1 occurrences
transformation      22 occurrences
chairhe             1 occurrences
bringing            48 occurrences
gen                 26 occurrences
eulogized           1 occurrences
sons                12 occurrences
unforgettable       2 occurrences
mannertwo           1 occurrences
commander           30 occurrences
marine              54 occurrences
infantry            2 occurrences
battalions          2 occurrences
ramadi              6 occurrences
battalion           3 occurrences
deployment          13 occurrences
sevenmonth          1 occurrences
tourtwo             1 occurrences
marines             34 occurrences
corporal            3 occurrences
jonathan            12 occurrences
yale                10 occurrences
lance               1 occurrences
haerter             5 occurrences
respectively        4 occurrences
assuming            10 occurrences
entrance            4 occurrences
gate                5 occurrences
outpost             5 occurrences
makeshift           2 occurrences
barracks            5 occurrences
housing             186 occurrences
marinesthe          1 occurrences
ramshackle          1 occurrences
mixedrace           3 occurrences
kid                 9 occurrences
daughter            51 occurrences
sister              8 occurrences
yearly              4 occurrences
salary              20 occurrences
islandthey          1 occurrences
simultaneously      8 occurrences
depending           11 occurrences
education           99 occurrences
forged              3 occurrences
crucible            1 occurrences
womanthe            1 occurrences
sergeant            11 occurrences
squad               7 occurrences
clowns              1 occurrences
vehicles            28 occurrences
rolled              10 occurrences
eyes                24 occurrences
unison              1 occurrences
attitude            14 occurrences
kidding             7 occurrences
sweetheart          1 occurrences
relieved            5 occurrences
nasser              2 occurrences
sophia              1 occurrences
section             78 occurrences
anbar               1 occurrences
iraqa               1 occurrences
alley               5 occurrences
sped                2 occurrences
serpentine          2 occurrences
stopped             33 occurrences
detonated           1 occurrences
catastrophically    1 occurrences
twentyfour          1 occurrences
brick               2 occurrences
masonry             1 occurrences
damaged             5 occurrences
mosque              28 occurrences
collapsed           6 occurrences
engine              2 occurrences
hundred             17 occurrences
knocking            5 occurrences
stoppedour          1 occurrences
explosive           11 occurrences
reckoned            1 occurrences
blast               3 occurrences
explosives          13 occurrences
died                52 occurrences
infantrymen         1 occurrences
dna                 5 occurrences
brothersinarmswhen  1 occurrences
regimental          2 occurrences
seriously           25 occurrences
commonplace         3 occurrences
regardless          22 occurrences
rank                9 occurrences
mos                 1 occurrences
differentthe        1 occurrences
figured             6 occurrences
decorate            1 occurrences
acknowledge         19 occurrences
bravery             1 occurrences
award               23 occurrences
eyewitnesses        3 occurrences
signature           6 occurrences
officeri            1 occurrences
traveled            23 occurrences
individually        1 occurrences
halfdozen           2 occurrences
firing              26 occurrences
explosionall        1 occurrences
iraqis              7 occurrences
elaborated          3 occurrences
tears               14 occurrences
welling             1 occurrences
instant             6 occurrences
choking             1 occurrences
emotion             3 occurrences
sir                 9 occurrences
sane                12 occurrences
submitted           14 occurrences
posthumous          1 occurrences
crosses             8 occurrences
initially           30 occurrences
detonatedyou        1 occurrences
heads               23 occurrences
separately          5 occurrences
conclusion          31 occurrences
aim                 10 occurrences
halfway             3 occurrences
barriers            12 occurrences
gaining             7 occurrences
recording           16 occurrences
aks                 1 occurrences
scattering          2 occurrences
rational            7 occurrences
livefor             2 occurrences
windshield          1 occurrences
exploding           5 occurrences
shards              1 occurrences
glass               7 occurrences
tore                2 occurrences
sonofabitch         2 occurrences
bedded              1 occurrences
unaware             12 occurrences
depended            2 occurrences
bomberthe           1 occurrences
careening           1 occurrences
instantaneous       1 occurrences
hesitated           1 occurrences
aside               27 occurrences
weight              9 occurrences
width               1 occurrences
leaned              1 occurrences
fast                46 occurrences
livethe             1 occurrences
explodes            1 occurrences
blank               6 occurrences
godsix              1 occurrences
secondsnot          1 occurrences
brave               27 occurrences
eternity            1 occurrences
schoolcoopergate    1 occurrences
coppergate          2 occurrences
patrols             7 occurrences
nate                5 occurrences
isaac               5 occurrences
courtyard           2 occurrences
completed           16 occurrences
driving             40 occurrences
rainstormnot        1 occurrences
rain                3 occurrences
calmly              2 occurrences
folds               2 occurrences
protected           39 occurrences
retire              4 occurrences
countryhere         3 occurrences
elementary          14 occurrences
praised             17 occurrences
pouring             6 occurrences
rainisaac           1 occurrences
helmath             1 occurrences
middleburg          1 occurrences
lowering            3 occurrences
glory               6 occurrences
dismissal           3 occurrences
timehowever         1 occurrences
torrential          2 occurrences
rainstorm           2 occurrences
wetterthanusual     1 occurrences
rains               3 occurrences
dutythe             1 occurrences
rainvia             1 occurrences
awful               8 occurrences
air                 119 occurrences
islamists           14 occurrences
intimate            3 occurrences
examination         16 occurrences
flying              24 occurrences
procedure           15 occurrences
agoplease           1 occurrences
specifics           6 occurrences
belowdo             1 occurrences
jenna               1 occurrences
belowjenna          1 occurrences
macfarlane          4 occurrences
carryon             1 occurrences
bag                 14 occurrences
triggered           4 occurrences
alarm               19 occurrences
charlotte           7 occurrences
airporta            1 occurrences
screener            1 occurrences
undergo             13 occurrences
fullbody            2 occurrences
patdown             11 occurrences
searched            26 occurrences
agreedthe           1 occurrences
clothes             16 occurrences
explored            2 occurrences
breasts             2 occurrences
crotch              1 occurrences
buttocks            2 occurrences
legs                9 occurrences
wider               4 occurrences
vagina              2 occurrences
complaint           25 occurrences
tsajust             1 occurrences
tsa                 19 occurrences
procedurepatdown    1 occurrences
prohibited          12 occurrences
required            84 occurrences
screening           33 occurrences
alarms              12 occurrences
random              12 occurrences
enhanced            3 occurrences
alternative         19 occurrences
types               15 occurrences
advanced            18 occurrences
imaging             3 occurrences
passengers          30 occurrences
normally            13 occurrences
expedited           6 occurrences
pre                 1 occurrences
patdowna            1 occurrences
inspection          8 occurrences
neck                10 occurrences
torso               1 occurrences
coverings           1 occurrences
groin               1 occurrences
adjust              4 occurrences
clothing            15 occurrences
advise              7 occurrences
anticipate          3 occurrences
patdowns            2 occurrences
sufficient          6 occurrences
detection           7 occurrences
confirm             31 occurrences
detectedtsa         1 occurrences
existyou            1 occurrences
gender              39 occurrences
inform              7 occurrences
external            9 occurrences
device              26 occurrences
neededat            1 occurrences
accompanied         14 occurrences
screeningread       1 occurrences
observer            7 occurrences
rowe                17 occurrences
nationalist         4 occurrences
usual               19 occurrences
happygolucky        1 occurrences
ticked              1 occurrences
adkinschuck         1 occurrences
adkins              5 occurrences
tenants             9 occurrences
nationalism         1 occurrences
educated            4 occurrences
academic            11 occurrences
elitists            2 occurrences
alienate            2 occurrences
anti                4 occurrences
intellectualism     1 occurrences
promoted            12 occurrences
kickin              1 occurrences
academically        2 occurrences
blistering          4 occurrences
rebuke              3 occurrences
candid              3 occurrences
dislike             2 occurrences
annoys              1 occurrences
smug                3 occurrences
snarky              2 occurrences
tone                11 occurrences
appalling           6 occurrences
grammar             5 occurrences
complete            51 occurrences
overarching         3 occurrences
logical             9 occurrences
fallacy             6 occurrences
informs             4 occurrences
bugs                2 occurrences
halfadozen          1 occurrences
fat                 9 occurrences
gobs                1 occurrences
gilbert             12 occurrences
gottfried           1 occurrences
kathy               2 occurrences
griffin             3 occurrences
colin               9 occurrences
milo                3 occurrences
yiannopoulos        2 occurrences
mouthing            1 occurrences
guarantee           17 occurrences
consequences        40 occurrences
fine                28 occurrences
feelings            15 occurrences
soldiers            63 occurrences
celebrity           4 occurrences
assume              12 occurrences
differently         9 occurrences
mine                41 occurrences
blow                20 occurrences
chime               1 occurrences
observations        2 occurrences
cowardly            5 occurrences
scum                1 occurrences
pointy              1 occurrences
hats                5 occurrences
yours               5 occurrences
pose                14 occurrences
existence           26 occurrences
memorial            28 occurrences
thomas              38 occurrences
jefferson           13 occurrences
monument            11 occurrences
insinuations        1 occurrences
nationalists        7 occurrences
antiintellectualism 2 occurrences
either              63 occurrences
connect             9 occurrences
radically           3 occurrences
alleging            9 occurrences
suddenly            25 occurrences
clever              4 occurrences
shred               5 occurrences
implied             1 occurrences
mikeroweworks       3 occurrences
disdain             4 occurrences
intellectual        15 occurrences
poof                1 occurrences
conflated           1 occurrences
tour                12 occurrences
disavow             1 occurrences
troubling           16 occurrences
association         39 occurrences
nazis               6 occurrences
farfetched          6 occurrences
fallacies           3 occurrences
flaw                3 occurrences
reasoning           9 occurrences
undermines          6 occurrences
logic               6 occurrences
realworld           1 occurrences
warped              3 occurrences
beliefs             33 occurrences
morons              5 occurrences
tiki                2 occurrences
torches             3 occurrences
cops                35 occurrences
slaves              7 occurrences
tearing             8 occurrences
proslavery          1 occurrences
aligned             5 occurrences
kkk                 5 occurrences
condemned           12 occurrences
missouri            19 occurrences
wishing             3 occurrences
assassinated        7 occurrences
exact               16 occurrences
degrasse            1 occurrences
tyson               2 occurrences
astronomer          1 occurrences
ability             61 occurrences
scientists          23 occurrences
accurately          8 occurrences
predict             7 occurrences
solar               6 occurrences
eclipse             1 occurrences
predictions         7 occurrences
warming             47 occurrences
accurate            10 occurrences
accuser             1 occurrences
continuing          28 occurrences
unfolding           3 occurrences
evening             24 occurrences
atkins              4 occurrences
racist              74 occurrences
spell               2 occurrences
bemoaning           2 occurrences
misspelled          1 occurrences
elitist             7 occurrences
neglected           1 occurrences
hyphen              2 occurrences
antiintellectual    2 occurrences
misplaced           4 occurrences
commas              1 occurrences
apostrophes         1 occurrences
racists             9 occurrences
ignorant            7 occurrences
speller             2 occurrences
spelling            1 occurrences
signs               35 occurrences
ignorance           12 occurrences
ergo                1 occurrences
boom                5 occurrences
inflammatory        4 occurrences
sentences           16 occurrences
flurry              2 occurrences
emojis              1 occurrences
cat                 6 occurrences
relevant            26 occurrences
facts               67 occurrences
recurring           2 occurrences
fostering           3 occurrences
skilled             7 occurrences
trades              4 occurrences
partnered           3 occurrences
schools             90 occurrences
workethic           1 occurrences
scholarships        4 occurrences
anticollege         1 occurrences
alike               11 occurrences
universities        16 occurrences
professors          2 occurrences
spaces              5 occurrences
rising              32 occurrences
tuition             10 occurrences
simmering           1 occurrences
beacons             1 occurrences
pander              2 occurrences
vacant              3 occurrences
catastrophic        4 occurrences
debt                85 occurrences
concluded           35 occurrences
antiintellectuals   2 occurrences
assure              12 occurrences
confused            6 occurrences
crystal             19 occurrences
topic               11 occurrences
quote               18 occurrences
equivocate          1 occurrences
italians            1 occurrences
presbyterians       1 occurrences
unions              13 occurrences
selfproclaimed      4 occurrences
reread              2 occurrences
typos               2 occurrences
apologize           15 occurrences
pointing            18 occurrences
lousy               1 occurrences
trot                1 occurrences
nazi                12 occurrences
tenor               3 occurrences
pissed              6 occurrences
pps                 1 occurrences
correctness         14 occurrences
correcting          2 occurrences
missing             28 occurrences
tomorrow            18 occurrences
oklahoma            24 occurrences
bennett             8 occurrences
moral               26 occurrences
equivalency         1 occurrences
removing            23 occurrences
mosques             11 occurrences
freaked             2 occurrences
patriotoklahoma     1 occurrences
americathe          3 occurrences
suggests            19 occurrences
idol                1 occurrences
cure                3 occurrences
irrational          8 occurrences
imad                1 occurrences
enchassi            1 occurrences
proudly             3 occurrences
oklahomans          1 occurrences
downno              1 occurrences
line                122 occurrences
suspension          5 occurrences
fallin              2 occurrences
suspend             11 occurrences
jenks               3 occurrences
contacted           15 occurrences
advised             19 occurrences
resettlements       1 occurrences
relocation          6 occurrences
forty               1 occurrences
newsthis            1 occurrences
shady               7 occurrences
describe            19 occurrences
motherclaims        1 occurrences
profiling           7 occurrences
defense             158 occurrences
behavior            57 occurrences
debbie              19 occurrences
wasserman           21 occurrences
schultz             20 occurrences
targeted            55 occurrences
dws                 1 occurrences
aide                36 occurrences
racial              42 occurrences
ethnic              12 occurrences
ringleader          1 occurrences
ignoring            18 occurrences
downit              2 occurrences
calendars           3 occurrences
notes               42 occurrences
memos               8 occurrences
informationfederal  1 occurrences
offices             32 occurrences
pakistaniamerican   1 occurrences
pakistani           8 occurrences
knowledgeable       1 occurrences
saywasserman        1 occurrences
shultz              1 occurrences
equipment           36 occurrences
suspectsinvestigators1 occurrences
blackmail           5 occurrences
officialalarm       1 occurrences
bells               3 occurrences
irregularities      4 occurrences
purchasing          7 occurrences
forecast            8 occurrences
quarter             18 occurrences
gdp                 65 occurrences
proteststhis        1 occurrences
businessmen         3 occurrences
magareuters         1 occurrences
economy             96 occurrences
annualized          2 occurrences
pace                8 occurrences
inventory           4 occurrences
contributing        5 occurrences
atlanta             20 occurrences
reserve             17 occurrences
model               41 occurrences
thursdaylast        1 occurrences
gross               14 occurrences
estimatea           1 occurrences
progrowth           3 occurrences
finallypresident    1 occurrences
unleashed           3 occurrences
regulation          31 occurrences
double              29 occurrences
amazingthe          1 occurrences
coal                36 occurrences
steel               9 occurrences
ripping             6 occurrences
unnecessary         8 occurrences
thatwhile           1 occurrences
winswhen            1 occurrences
winwin              6 occurrences
arethis             2 occurrences
increasingly        30 occurrences
leftists            18 occurrences
eliminate           22 occurrences
barcelona           1 occurrences
editor              12 occurrences
wilber              1 occurrences
cooper              8 occurrences
audacity            2 occurrences
vice                68 occurrences
magazine            18 occurrences
urging              12 occurrences
rushmore            3 occurrences
wouldin             1 occurrences
mount               9 occurrences
demolition          6 occurrences
erase               16 occurrences
historical          22 occurrences
markers             1 occurrences
echoes              1 occurrences
leftwingers         1 occurrences
decimate            2 occurrences
offers              18 occurrences
winning             16 occurrences
revolutionary       12 occurrences
warcooper           1 occurrences
exploitation        7 occurrences
inequality          14 occurrences
erased              7 occurrences
honest              24 occurrences
origins             3 occurrences
insists             18 occurrences
cohorts             2 occurrences
reverence           2 occurrences
tantamount          3 occurrences
textbook            4 occurrences
manifestations      2 occurrences
acknowledging       6 occurrences
insensitivity       1 occurrences
tragic              16 occurrences
spain               7 occurrences
deleted             18 occurrences
headline            10 occurrences
url                 1 occurrences
condone             2 occurrences
rhetorical          5 occurrences
misguided           5 occurrences
insensitive         2 occurrences
error               15 occurrences
rid                 14 occurrences
wow                 24 occurrences
improvement         9 occurrences
peaceseeking        1 occurrences
objectives          7 occurrences
prove               40 occurrences
burn                33 occurrences
trace               5 occurrences
nextread            1 occurrences
snowflakes          3 occurrences
parts               34 occurrences
penalize            1 occurrences
try                 74 occurrences
itthis              1 occurrences
suspended           18 occurrences
antifascist         1 occurrences
protesters          61 occurrences
hinkle              5 occurrences
concept             17 occurrences
nut                 2 occurrences
destroying          16 occurrences
antifa              7 occurrences
destructionhe       1 occurrences
rear                2 occurrences
horses              4 occurrences
posts               15 occurrences
gwinnett            1 occurrences
magistrate          3 occurrences
kristina            1 occurrences
blum                1 occurrences
promotes            7 occurrences
confidence          24 occurrences
integrity           24 occurrences
impartiality        3 occurrences
fairness            5 occurrences
principles          17 occurrences
utmost              5 occurrences
grayson             1 occurrences
deplorable          1 occurrences
resigned            20 occurrences
blame               34 occurrences
nyc                 11 occurrences
worms               3 occurrences
stays               3 occurrences
subjective          4 occurrences
symbol              8 occurrences
purging             3 occurrences
endmayor            1 occurrences
wake                35 occurrences
weekenda            1 occurrences
counterprotesters   1 occurrences
troopers            9 occurrences
monitoring          23 occurrences
crashedopposition   1 occurrences
army                92 occurrences
rallies             6 occurrences
yearnew             2 occurrences
criteria            17 occurrences
recommendations     18 occurrences
removeexperts       1 occurrences
saysmeanwhile       1 occurrences
villagethe          3 occurrences
villageresidents    1 occurrences
hanging             22 occurrences
window              17 occurrences
apartment           16 occurrences
weekthe             5 occurrences
fifthfloor          1 occurrences
avenue              26 occurrences
anger               25 occurrences
boiling             4 occurrences
carnage             3 occurrences
pelting             1 occurrences
rocks               12 occurrences
bricks              2 occurrences
scary               23 occurrences
louise              3 occurrences
abddhal             1 occurrences
chorus              2 occurrences
yelled              5 occurrences
windowresidents     1 occurrences
blind               14 occurrences
banners             4 occurrences
mad                 7 occurrences
neonazi             4 occurrences
counterprotester    1 occurrences
hayer               1 occurrences
crazy               33 occurrences
dixiehead           1 occurrences
awhile              2 occurrences
onesbut             1 occurrences
baffling            1 occurrences
angrier             2 occurrences
jew                 3 occurrences
bro                 2 occurrences
hood                8 occurrences
ing                 1 occurrences
riot                17 occurrences
downfootage         1 occurrences
throwing            12 occurrences
expletives          2 occurrences
windows             13 occurrences
arriving            19 occurrences
arrestsvia          1 occurrences
fringe              3 occurrences
durham              8 occurrences
carolina            59 occurrences
propertyprotestors  1 occurrences
statuewhy           1 occurrences
behaviorthis        1 occurrences
fuctupmind          1 occurrences
kicking             8 occurrences
idioticbreaking     1 occurrences
pulled              24 occurrences
wncn                1 occurrences
amy                 5 occurrences
cutler              1 occurrences
amycutlernews       1 occurrences
soldier             20 occurrences
caroline            2 occurrences
dwyer               1 occurrences
aicp                1 occurrences
reallythe           1 occurrences
memory              11 occurrences
boys                17 occurrences
wore                7 occurrences
grey                3 occurrences
veterans            64 occurrences
wardear             1 occurrences
pulling             8 occurrences
europedurham        1 occurrences
tennessee           34 occurrences
tengop              4 occurrences
soros               80 occurrences
ramping             7 occurrences
woods               14 occurrences
digs                5 occurrences
asap                6 occurrences
blm                 34 occurrences
sorosfunded         7 occurrences
fighter             17 occurrences
hungarian           10 occurrences
globalistliberal    1 occurrences
billionaire         25 occurrences
advocacy            18 occurrences
showsoros           1 occurrences
globalismthe        1 occurrences
drastic             4 occurrences
increase            94 occurrences
uptick              4 occurrences
attributed          8 occurrences
timethe             8 occurrences
entity              16 occurrences
grant               81 occurrences
entirety            6 occurrences
quarters            1 occurrences
runs                26 occurrences
senatethree         1 occurrences
inhouse             3 occurrences
lobbyists           6 occurrences
lobby               19 occurrences
statesoros          1 occurrences
calleropen          1 occurrences
hungarianborn       2 occurrences
progressive         49 occurrences
wellfunded          1 occurrences
desired             8 occurrences
memberssoros        1 occurrences
drastically         4 occurrences
progressed          1 occurrences
billionaireif       1 occurrences
hungary             22 occurrences
wefrom              1 occurrences
lobbied             9 occurrences
lexngo              1 occurrences
crack               12 occurrences
foreignfunded       2 occurrences
countryhungary      1 occurrences
parliament          26 occurrences
interfere           11 occurrences
functioning         3 occurrences
lawalthough         1 occurrences
mention             29 occurrences
sweep               4 occurrences
sorossoros          1 occurrences
prominent           23 occurrences
ngos                4 occurrences
seeks               19 occurrences
suppress            7 occurrences
voices              18 occurrences
restricting         3 occurrences
authorization       12 occurrences
otherssoros         1 occurrences
skyrocketed         5 occurrences
yearsthe            8 occurrences
legislative         38 occurrences
averages            2 occurrences
yearwe              1 occurrences
puppet              3 occurrences
master              12 occurrences
strings             6 occurrences
displays            8 occurrences
bigotry             11 occurrences
communists          6 occurrences
frustration         16 occurrences
onesidedamidst      1 occurrences
duke                9 occurrences
seventeen           1 occurrences
primarytrump        1 occurrences
selfdestructing     1 occurrences
pressed             18 occurrences
bigot               4 occurrences
spade               2 occurrences
racistread          1 occurrences
pundit              45 occurrences
protrump            4 occurrences
conservatives       65 occurrences
attacked            46 occurrences
callerwe            1 occurrences
silence             18 occurrences
moveonorg           4 occurrences
instigating         1 occurrences
destructionjust     1 occurrences
hijack              3 occurrences
anytime             7 occurrences
happens             49 occurrences
alinsky             9 occurrences
tactic              10 occurrences
difference          34 occurrences
overdrive           1 occurrences
downright           6 occurrences
scarytake           1 occurrences
huffington          7 occurrences
execution           7 occurrences
hijacking           1 occurrences
replaced            27 occurrences
misinterpreted      1 occurrences
shouldn             28 occurrences
surprise            36 occurrences
gain                25 occurrences
suppression         2 occurrences
gethere             1 occurrences
cars                44 occurrences
eggs                8 occurrences
jose                21 occurrences
calif               5 occurrences
sued                22 occurrences
violencejuly        1 occurrences
pittsburghaugust    1 occurrences
spit                2 occurrences
verbally            1 occurrences
harassed            9 occurrences
walk                29 occurrences
gauntlet            1 occurrences
fundraiser          8 occurrences
minn                2 occurrences
beat                21 occurrences
elderly             12 occurrences
motorcade           5 occurrences
assaulted           10 occurrences
garage              1 occurrences
supportera          1 occurrences
crowbar             1 occurrences
streetseptember     1 occurrences
cajon               1 occurrences
chased              4 occurrences
supporteroctober    1 occurrences
firebombed          3 occurrences
spray               3 occurrences
perpetrator         4 occurrences
glasses             3 occurrences
punched             8 occurrences
facethe             2 occurrences
cornell             3 occurrences
electionstudents    1 occurrences
wearing             26 occurrences
hata                1 occurrences
classmate           4 occurrences
schoola             1 occurrences
raging              8 occurrences
trumpmaryland       1 occurrences
demonstrating       5 occurrences
mexicans            13 occurrences
viciously           3 occurrences
beating             11 occurrences
girlan              1 occurrences
antibullying        3 occurrences
shoving             4 occurrences
sidewalka           1 occurrences
beaten              12 occurrences
classmates          2 occurrences
mock                5 occurrences
electiontwo         1 occurrences
connecticut         16 occurrences
signdecember        1 occurrences
dragged             9 occurrences
carjanuary          1 occurrences
knocked             13 occurrences
unconscious         5 occurrences
heada               1 occurrences
protesterswhen      1 occurrences
encountered         4 occurrences
driver              17 occurrences
surrounded          17 occurrences
pounded             3 occurrences
punctured           1 occurrences
tiresfebruary       1 occurrences
mcclintock          1 occurrences
escorted            5 occurrences
tires               1 occurrences
slashedprotestors   1 occurrences
dana                3 occurrences
rohrabacher         1 occurrences
officemilo          1 occurrences
californiaberkeley  1 occurrences
cancelled           2 occurrences
rioters             9 occurrences
hat                 3 occurrences
thrown              16 occurrences
kickedmarch         1 occurrences
middlebury          1 occurrences
rushed              7 occurrences
aei                 1 occurrences
scholar             4 occurrences
scientist           6 occurrences
charles             23 occurrences
murray              7 occurrences
professor           35 occurrences
allison             4 occurrences
grabbing            2 occurrences
hair                8 occurrences
twisting            3 occurrences
suffered            28 occurrences
concussion          2 occurrences
rocking             1 occurrences
hoodapril           1 occurrences
portland            12 occurrences
orewas              1 occurrences
canceled            3 occurrences
organizationfears   1 occurrences
coulter             4 occurrences
berkeley            5 occurrences
planning            52 occurrences
violencemay         1 occurrences
garrett             6 occurrences
dog                 20 occurrences
repeated            30 occurrences
deemed              26 occurrences
authoritiesfbi      1 occurrences
martha              17 occurrences
mcsally             2 occurrences
trumppolice         1 occurrences
kustoff             1 occurrences
roadpolice          1 occurrences
dakota              12 occurrences
ejected             1 occurrences
kevin               14 occurrences
cramer              2 occurrences
halla               2 occurrences
ushaped             1 occurrences
bike                9 occurrences
hodgkinson          3 occurrences
injuring            1 occurrences
scaliserepublican   1 occurrences
tenney              2 occurrences
practicea           1 occurrences
malibu              1 occurrences
displaying          5 occurrences
alert               22 occurrences
mcmaster            25 occurrences
bannon              20 occurrences
harder              19 occurrences
targeting           45 occurrences
squeezed            1 occurrences
obamawhite          1 occurrences
strategist          6 occurrences
dodging             2 occurrences
callis              1 occurrences
gooddid             1 occurrences
scaramucci          11 occurrences
letting             24 occurrences
twoaxios            1 occurrences
doghouse            1 occurrences
leaks               21 occurrences
rightwing           8 occurrences
weeksshouldn        1 occurrences
mcmasternew         1 occurrences
infighting          3 occurrences
anonymous           25 occurrences
characterized       6 occurrences
predecessor         9 occurrences
reince              6 occurrences
priebus             7 occurrences
politicoearlier     1 occurrences
todd                10 occurrences
saga                2 occurrences
noise               4 occurrences
nameat              1 occurrences
talented            3 occurrences
privilege           26 occurrences
enable              11 occurrences
saidvia             17 occurrences
aclu                17 occurrences
americaafter        1 occurrences
unaccompanied       24 occurrences
alien               72 occurrences
minors              18 occurrences
sprees              2 occurrences
terrorizing         2 occurrences
enforces            2 occurrences
teenagers           6 occurrences
unsubstantiated     5 occurrences
resettlementin      1 occurrences
accuses             4 occurrences
detaining           4 occurrences
transporting        9 occurrences
facilities          25 occurrences
notifying           4 occurrences
lawyersthe          2 occurrences
deporting           4 occurrences
teens               11 occurrences
crackdown           12 occurrences
transnational       4 occurrences
gangs               16 occurrences
arrests             17 occurrences
unreliable          4 occurrences
flawed              14 occurrences
playfighting        1 occurrences
salvador            13 occurrences
kang                1 occurrences
wholesale           5 occurrences
plaintiffs          16 occurrences
suffolk             5 occurrences
nyin                1 occurrences
paperwork           9 occurrences
deportation         26 occurrences
postthe             6 occurrences
coupled             3 occurrences
stance              12 occurrences
activists           66 occurrences
tenuous             1 occurrences
scrutinyfox         1 occurrences
tattoos             3 occurrences
gangsthe            1 occurrences
injunction          18 occurrences
causethe            1 occurrences
legality            2 occurrences
voter               54 occurrences
commissionwho       1 occurrences
citizensread        1 occurrences
methodist           8 occurrences
reversed            11 occurrences
annual              56 occurrences
backlash            7 occurrences
groupsa             1 occurrences
tribute             4 occurrences
smu                 8 occurrences
morrisonmcginnis    1 occurrences
classes             7 occurrences
variety             14 occurrences
kent                2 occurrences
bestsmu             1 occurrences
harmful             12 occurrences
triggering          4 occurrences
thenpolicy          1 occurrences
inappropriate       14 occurrences
certain             53 occurrences
ideas               20 occurrences
offended            21 occurrences
wolf                14 occurrences
gerald              4 occurrences
turner              2 occurrences
shielded            3 occurrences
opposing            15 occurrences
sharing             16 occurrences
developing          19 occurrences
wrotethey           1 occurrences
decried             3 occurrences
chapter             33 occurrences
definitely          10 occurrences
mailour             1 occurrences
shocker             5 occurrences
displayed           16 occurrences
inability           15 occurrences
campuses            4 occurrences
perpetually         3 occurrences
sad                 21 occurrences
tolerance           17 occurrences
ironic              13 occurrences
drum                3 occurrences
continuedallas      2 occurrences
tex                 3 occurrences
onfor               4 occurrences
planted             8 occurrences
contradictory       5 occurrences
definition          27 occurrences
chairmanbut         2 occurrences
therethe            2 occurrences
historically        9 occurrences
tributes            4 occurrences
affiliations        4 occurrences
violates            15 occurrences
cornering           2 occurrences
drew                19 occurrences
wicker              4 occurrences
republicanssmu      2 occurrences
nearby              18 occurrences
momac               2 occurrences
drives              13 occurrences
campusthe           2 occurrences
coercion            3 occurrences
harassment          14 occurrences
locating            1 occurrences
amit                1 occurrences
mehta               2 occurrences
compound            15 occurrences
politico            37 occurrences
reportedin          1 occurrences
requests            62 occurrences
searching           7 occurrences
benghazirelated     2 occurrences
secretarystate      1 occurrences
tens                47 occurrences
jake                10 occurrences
sullivan            16 occurrences
assembled           2 occurrences
serverin            1 occurrences
attackjudicial      1 occurrences
watchdog            25 occurrences
initial             21 occurrences
benghazimehta       1 occurrences
compilations        1 occurrences
originating         2 occurrences
contain             17 occurrences
stategov            6 occurrences
painting            6 occurrences
civilians           19 occurrences
discriminating      6 occurrences
illegitimate        2 occurrences
jim                 27 occurrences
chambers            15 occurrences
eav                 2 occurrences
barbell             2 occurrences
gym                 4 occurrences
forbidding          1 occurrences
officersthe         4 occurrences
conveys             2 occurrences
upsetting           3 occurrences
vulgar              4 occurrences
explicitly          6 occurrences
membership          14 occurrences
saidas              4 occurrences
lifelong            4 occurrences
minorities          38 occurrences
foul                7 occurrences
languagewhen        1 occurrences
strange             14 occurrences
violating           23 occurrences
antidiscrimination  4 occurrences
lawfully            6 occurrences
hobby               1 occurrences
allows              43 occurrences
exercise            30 occurrences
weather             17 occurrences
retired             39 occurrences
jackpot             2 occurrences
entertained         1 occurrences
retirement          13 occurrences
trolling            1 occurrences
liberals            49 occurrences
boatnearly          1 occurrences
dion                1 occurrences
cini                4 occurrences
row                 8 occurrences
hudson              4 occurrences
incite              2 occurrences
yorkers             7 occurrences
electionthis        1 occurrences
responses           8 occurrences
rowing              1 occurrences
drown               2 occurrences
lungs               2 occurrences
loud                13 occurrences
rooftop             2 occurrences
ultraconservative   2 occurrences
wakeup              1 occurrences
recalled            18 occurrences
vowed               22 occurrences
himluckily          1 occurrences
spanning            2 occurrences
inspiring           3 occurrences
waveredread         1 occurrences
bizpac              1 occurrences
debating            4 occurrences
tensions            21 occurrences
continuously        6 occurrences
handle              37 occurrences
tensionspresident   1 occurrences
fury                3 occurrences
miniaturized        1 occurrences
tim                 18 occurrences
russert             2 occurrences
voiced              9 occurrences
preemptive          5 occurrences
koreatrump          1 occurrences
negotiate           16 occurrences
minimal             7 occurrences
addressing          10 occurrences
proliferation       6 occurrences
jimmy               15 occurrences
negotiating         14 occurrences
properlyfollowing   1 occurrences
provocations        3 occurrences
hermit              1 occurrences
kingdom             12 occurrences
guam                4 occurrences
carry               42 occurrences
provocation         1 occurrences
midtolong           2 occurrences
korearead           1 occurrences
wisest              1 occurrences
sebastian           4 occurrences
gorka               11 occurrences
phrase              11 occurrences
placedr             1 occurrences
ali                 19 occurrences
velshi              1 occurrences
stephanie           11 occurrences
ruhle               2 occurrences
criticize           10 occurrences
phrasevelshi        1 occurrences
metaphor            1 occurrences
forbid              4 occurrences
cancer              21 occurrences
hospital            43 occurrences
forbidden           8 occurrences
flu                 1 occurrences
hydrate             1 occurrences
aspirins            1 occurrences
smugly              3 occurrences
youvelshi           1 occurrences
misdiagnose         1 occurrences
disease             32 occurrences
geopolitical        3 occurrences
blaming             18 occurrences
societal            1 occurrences
disenfranchisement  2 occurrences
dropped             45 occurrences
lists               9 occurrences
noncitizen          9 occurrences
guidancewith        1 occurrences
georgia             13 occurrences
alabama             26 occurrences
rolls               12 occurrences
statistics          13 occurrences
enrollment          20 occurrences
participation       19 occurrences
officeaccording     1 occurrences
decreased           2 occurrences
percentfood         1 occurrences
continuingtrump     1 occurrences
suggesting          19 occurrences
match               9 occurrences
allotted            4 occurrences
requirements        41 occurrences
ablebodied          8 occurrences
adults              19 occurrences
stampstrump         1 occurrences
prompted            17 occurrences
cancel              8 occurrences
citizenship         58 occurrences
deportedfederal     1 occurrences
legislation         102 occurrences
limits              20 occurrences
enrolled            14 occurrences
benefitsread        2 occurrences
factory             5 occurrences
worker              40 occurrences
ketzler             1 occurrences
dysfunctionalthis   1 occurrences
rhetoric            28 occurrences
blah                3 occurrences
actionpaul          1 occurrences
pocket              13 occurrences
gopaul              1 occurrences
insight             7 occurrences
trumpaudio          1 occurrences
tape                11 occurrences
sadly               9 occurrences
noses               1 occurrences
contentious         7 occurrences
proving             9 occurrences
colleagues          36 occurrences
leaves              28 occurrences
foolish             4 occurrences
unpopular           8 occurrences
lite                2 occurrences
proposalon          1 occurrences
neverbeforereleased 1 occurrences
abandoning          4 occurrences
thengop             1 occurrences
hollywood           12 occurrences
altogether          8 occurrences
evernow             1 occurrences
replace             40 occurrences
ally                12 occurrences
rky                 8 occurrences
misled              9 occurrences
believing           5 occurrences
arrival             13 occurrences
barely              9 occurrences
generalthe          1 occurrences
participants        17 occurrences
portion             20 occurrences
matthew             10 occurrences
boyle               3 occurrences
newslisten          1 occurrences
bidding             13 occurrences
schemed             1 occurrences
hud                 71 occurrences
grants              40 occurrences
rebuking            1 occurrences
grantstyle          2 occurrences
ben                 18 occurrences
carson              17 occurrences
saves               3 occurrences
carsonthe           1 occurrences
poised              4 occurrences
wellplaced          1 occurrences
departmentthe       4 occurrences
overturn            6 occurrences
methodology         2 occurrences
rebuked             2 occurrences
administrators      11 occurrences
courtthe            5 occurrences
procurement         2 occurrences
tainting            1 occurrences
processsupporters   1 occurrences
net                 19 occurrences
efficiency          6 occurrences
applauding          2 occurrences
performancebased    1 occurrences
contract            49 occurrences
competition         20 occurrences
mario               3 occurrences
diazbalart          3 occurrences
rfla                3 occurrences
appropriations      18 occurrences
subcommittee        29 occurrences
insisted            33 occurrences
intent              25 occurrences
gao                 13 occurrences
juli                2 occurrences
castro              55 occurrences
illegalsection      1 occurrences
pays                11 occurrences
rental              9 occurrences
landlords           3 occurrences
acquire             10 occurrences
housingbecause      1 occurrences
administering       4 occurrences
units               14 occurrences
mechanisms          8 occurrences
grantscontractors   1 occurrences
gained              18 occurrences
appealed            7 occurrences
accountability      26 occurrences
unreasonable        6 occurrences
applicable          6 occurrences
statutory           7 occurrences
undeterred          1 occurrences
embarrassing        13 occurrences
string              8 occurrences
culminated          2 occurrences
denying             19 occurrences
budge               1 occurrences
methodseric         1 occurrences
navigate            2 occurrences
performance         18 occurrences
contracting         8 occurrences
adam                13 occurrences
kredo               3 occurrences
asks                22 occurrences
turtle              1 occurrences
unmask              7 occurrences
samantha            10 occurrences
loyalist            1 occurrences
belowpower          1 occurrences
unmasking           28 occurrences
transition          15 occurrences
unprecedented       28 occurrences
beaconhannity       1 occurrences
odd                 6 occurrences
rightfully          4 occurrences
knowin              2 occurrences
obamain             3 occurrences
decisionmakers      1 occurrences
defer               7 occurrences
reflexively         1 occurrences
assessments         13 occurrences
replicate           1 occurrences
aping               1 occurrences
rightspower         1 occurrences
resign              4 occurrences
clintonin           1 occurrences
scotsman            1 occurrences
heat                11 occurrences
czar                3 occurrences
cass                3 occurrences
sunsteinsunstein    1 occurrences
intrude             2 occurrences
privacysalon        1 occurrences
reportedcass        1 occurrences
sunstein            5 occurrences
closest             13 occurrences
confidants          1 occurrences
mentioned           24 occurrences
privacy             31 occurrences
quality             26 occurrences
statistical         1 occurrences
harvard             27 occurrences
cowrote             1 occurrences
pernicious          3 occurrences
proposing           12 occurrences
employ              8 occurrences
covert              11 occurrences
pseudo              1 occurrences
advocates           32 occurrences
cognitively         1 occurrences
online              81 occurrences
websites            9 occurrences
deems               5 occurrences
credibility         21 occurrences
conspiracists       1 occurrences
abstract            2 occurrences
downloaded          4 occurrences
heresunstein        1 occurrences
stealth             4 occurrences
chat                4 occurrences
rooms               15 occurrences
realspace           1 occurrences
socalled            56 occurrences
bolster             7 occurrences
messaging           7 occurrences
inclined            3 occurrences
secretly            13 occurrences
advocating          12 occurrences
machinations        1 occurrences
conceal             4 occurrences
soooo               4 occurrences
irs                 142 occurrences
lied                35 occurrences
prod                2 occurrences
criminality         6 occurrences
bait                2 occurrences
switch              6 occurrences
signing             10 occurrences
cheaper             7 occurrences
dramatically        19 occurrences
understated         3 occurrences
actual              41 occurrences
enrolling           1 occurrences
mandate             21 occurrences
penalizes           1 occurrences
holding             45 occurrences
coveragebut         1 occurrences
subsidies           23 occurrences
untrue              7 occurrences
twice               27 occurrences
figure              49 occurrences
taxpayers           132 occurrences
insurance           103 occurrences
detailed            15 occurrences
notification        7 occurrences
verified            9 occurrences
taxpayersthe        1 occurrences
itauditors          1 occurrences
hhs                 14 occurrences
studies             32 occurrences
sample              8 occurrences
lowercoverage       1 occurrences
fewer               18 occurrences
benefitsaccording   1 occurrences
informationinvestigators1 occurrences
misleading          7 occurrences
alerting            2 occurrences
insuranceread       1 occurrences
delivering          16 occurrences
bigtime             2 occurrences
aboutexcellent      1 occurrences
begun               25 occurrences
stifling            4 occurrences
excellent           10 occurrences
rate                148 occurrences
fell                26 occurrences
fridayeconomists    1 occurrences
surveyed            3 occurrences
expectations        10 occurrences
encompassing        1 occurrences
discouraged         1 occurrences
underemployed       3 occurrences
unchanged           5 occurrences
percentthe          2 occurrences
employmenttopopulation1 occurrences
ratio               2 occurrences
liked               2 occurrences
indicate            24 occurrences
yields              2 occurrences
considerably        5 occurrences
highereconomists    1 occurrences
economist           6 occurrences
aparna              1 occurrences
mathur              1 occurrences
noting              20 occurrences
allaround           1 occurrences
bedikian            1 occurrences
markets             30 occurrences
watched             17 occurrences
wage                56 occurrences
hourly              4 occurrences
earnings            9 occurrences
hoursbars           1 occurrences
restaurants         12 occurrences
boost               21 occurrences
positives           1 occurrences
professional        27 occurrences
saidread            21 occurrences
articleso           1 occurrences
nevertrumpers       3 occurrences
collegial           4 occurrences
dignified           5 occurrences
yearsso             3 occurrences
crude               6 occurrences
undignified         2 occurrences
spare               6 occurrences
fightshe            1 occurrences
fightsmy            1 occurrences
ardent              6 occurrences
bothered            8 occurrences
beneath             5 occurrences
answerwe            1 occurrences
rightthinking       2 occurrences
quiet               11 occurrences
hatreds             3 occurrences
statesmanship       1 occurrences
desperately         10 occurrences
prized              3 occurrences
collegiality        4 occurrences
propriety           4 occurrences
nicer               1 occurrences
mitt                3 occurrences
romney              4 occurrences
samethis            1 occurrences
saul                3 occurrences
mobi                1 occurrences
streets             51 occurrences
ferguson            45 occurrences
ramp                2 occurrences
imprisoning         1 occurrences
filmmaker           7 occurrences
tracks              10 occurrences
statesmanlike       1 occurrences
dissent             17 occurrences
articulate          6 occurrences
polished            1 occurrences
allout              5 occurrences
pale                2 occurrences
demagoguery         1 occurrences
takeover            6 occurrences
till                1 occurrences
todaythe            4 occurrences
proprietywith       1 occurrences
wartime             2 occurrences
warduring           1 occurrences
essential           24 occurrences
ulysses             2 occurrences
drunk               10 occurrences
peacetime           3 occurrences
drummed             1 occurrences
unbecoming          2 occurrences
abraham             10 occurrences
lincoln             20 occurrences
applied             23 occurrences
booted              1 occurrences
fights              11 occurrences
patton              4 occurrences
vulgartalking       1 occurrences
stripped            9 occurrences
franklin            14 occurrences
roosevelt           22 occurrences
hitler              5 occurrences
socialists          4 occurrences
thousandyear        1 occurrences
reichtrump          1 occurrences
delicious           1 occurrences
battlefield         7 occurrences
tanks               9 occurrences
obliterated         3 occurrences
rommel              1 occurrences
magnificent         1 occurrences
bastards            3 occurrences
icing               1 occurrences
cake                5 occurrences
defeating           5 occurrences
tacticsthat         1 occurrences
radicals            9 occurrences
playbook            2 occurrences
thesis              2 occurrences
dedicate            1 occurrences
indebted            1 occurrences
lucifertrump        1 occurrences
rash                2 occurrences
unconsidered        1 occurrences
followers           12 occurrences
literally           27 occurrences
diametrically       4 occurrences
tet                 1 occurrences
isolated            10 occurrences
employs             9 occurrences
ridicule            6 occurrences
sharpton            28 occurrences
rachel              7 occurrences
maddow              1 occurrences
krugman             1 occurrences
nicholas            1 occurrences
kristof             1 occurrences
significantly       12 occurrences
pikermost           1 occurrences
importantly         17 occurrences
untenable           1 occurrences
unwinnable          1 occurrences
choicesthey         1 occurrences
disingenuously      3 occurrences
declare             18 occurrences
honestly            16 occurrences
doubledown          1 occurrences
hysteria            5 occurrences
demagoguerythe      1 occurrences
incessant           1 occurrences
rashid              1 occurrences
khalidi             1 occurrences
ayers               1 occurrences
mafia               3 occurrences
rezko               2 occurrences
evils               4 occurrences
spiritual           3 occurrences
mentor              9 occurrences
jeremiah            1 occurrences
wright              2 occurrences
churchimagine       1 occurrences
conveyed            4 occurrences
stevens             27 occurrences
nonstarter          1 occurrences
ratchet             3 occurrences
conjuring           1 occurrences
burger              7 occurrences
devoting            3 occurrences
rants               3 occurrences
nixon               13 occurrences
faker               2 occurrences
objective           6 occurrences
mediaand            1 occurrences
discrediting        1 occurrences
mistakes            13 occurrences
desperation         4 occurrences
lowered             3 occurrences
standards           22 occurrences
articles            13 occurrences
libel               1 occurrences
wholly              6 occurrences
retract             1 occurrences
repeatedlytheir     1 occurrences
flailing            3 occurrences
fortune             24 occurrences
meme                2 occurrences
dox                 1 occurrences
encourage           26 occurrences
coideologists       1 occurrences
satirist            2 occurrences
chilling            8 occurrences
publicinstead       1 occurrences
tolerated           3 occurrences
heavyhanded         1 occurrences
backfired           2 occurrences
ridiculeso          1 occurrences
fightstownhall      1 occurrences
evan                3 occurrences
sayet               2 occurrences
kindergarden        1 occurrences
eden                1 occurrences
viewed              15 occurrences
historyhere         1 occurrences
viral               14 occurrences
jarrett             25 occurrences
clintonrich         1 occurrences
library             11 occurrences
campaignmueller     1 occurrences
resignour           1 occurrences
goldstein           7 occurrences
preet               2 occurrences
bharara             4 occurrences
prett               2 occurrences
daytoday            7 occurrences
hires               5 occurrences
hacksspecial        2 occurrences
tomfitton           2 occurrences
employment          62 occurrences
leaking             10 occurrences
operates            12 occurrences
unfold              5 occurrences
lopsided            5 occurrences
donor               21 occurrences
bury                3 occurrences
trumpformer         3 occurrences
sununu              8 occurrences
camarata            2 occurrences
notified            20 occurrences
demscamerota        2 occurrences
obstruction         11 occurrences
officially          30 occurrences
bothers             3 occurrences
blatantly           5 occurrences
prodemocrat         2 occurrences
internally          6 occurrences
exclusively         32 occurrences
commission          49 occurrences
fill                35 occurrences
dealandrew          1 occurrences
consumer            14 occurrences
generator           2 occurrences
collector           3 occurrences
susan               51 occurrences
rice                84 occurrences
democraticparty     2 occurrences
uncovering          1 occurrences
unfettered          4 occurrences
unmasked            13 occurrences
unmaskingalmost     1 occurrences
waiving             1 occurrences
needtoknow          5 occurrences
requirement         33 occurrences
confirmedthe        3 occurrences
undated             1 occurrences
wing                16 occurrences
addresses           18 occurrences
blurred             2 occurrences
hereby              2 occurrences
waive               4 occurrences
originated          6 occurrences
nsc                 3 occurrences
clearance           12 occurrences
routinely           12 occurrences
incidental          3 occurrences
intercepts          7 occurrences
relaxed             4 occurrences
espionage           18 occurrences
circain             1 occurrences
maintains           8 occurrences
accessed            17 occurrences
inappropriately     3 occurrences
committeeunder      1 occurrences
waived              4 occurrences
researchers         12 occurrences
revoked             9 occurrences
unredacted          3 occurrences
nsasourced          1 occurrences
routine             16 occurrences
undercuts           2 occurrences
assertion           7 occurrences
essence             7 occurrences
authenticity        2 occurrences
bar                 13 occurrences
addedremember       1 occurrences
tvif                1 occurrences
narrativeremember   1 occurrences
flash               4 occurrences
andrea              5 occurrences
mitchell            4 occurrences
judy                1 occurrences
woodruffsusan       1 occurrences
leak                19 occurrences
negativethere       1 occurrences
carefully           17 occurrences
outsusan            1 occurrences
version             42 occurrences
onewatch            1 occurrences
obamasusan          2 occurrences
conflicting         5 occurrences
destabilize         3 occurrences
embarrass           10 occurrences
himthe              3 occurrences
troubleread         1 occurrences
bamboo              1 occurrences
ceiling             12 occurrences
quotas              7 occurrences
asian               13 occurrences
harmed              3 occurrences
admissions          22 occurrences
affirmative         10 occurrences
equality            27 occurrences
opposite            12 occurrences
discrimination      68 occurrences
racebased           5 occurrences
asianamerican       2 occurrences
pleased             5 occurrences
policiesstudies     1 occurrences
studied             5 occurrences
sats                1 occurrences
counterparts        5 occurrences
fieldlee            1 occurrences
cheng               3 occurrences
voice               56 occurrences
enforce             22 occurrences
thedcnf             9 occurrences
euphemism           2 occurrences
division            55 occurrences
perform             21 occurrences
policiesread        2 occurrences
heck                11 occurrences
virtually           25 occurrences
silent              13 occurrences
seth                36 occurrences
secrecy             11 occurrences
murdered            31 occurrences
blocks              4 occurrences
frequented          1 occurrences
robbery             17 occurrences
robbers             2 occurrences
wallet              7 occurrences
contents            15 occurrences
expensive           24 occurrences
watchaaron          1 occurrences
influential         10 occurrences
contractor          15 occurrences
cyber               22 occurrences
securityaccording   2 occurrences
aaron               16 occurrences
northrup            2 occurrences
grumman             2 occurrences
fifthlargest        1 occurrences
defending           16 occurrences
software            20 occurrences
engineer            4 occurrences
websiteas           1 occurrences
actively            15 occurrences
wheeler             23 occurrences
casewheeler         1 occurrences
block               50 occurrences
worry               16 occurrences
botched             10 occurrences
theory              19 occurrences
joel                6 occurrences
hidden              11 occurrences
necklace            1 occurrences
policebig           1 occurrences
league              18 occurrences
journalist          18 occurrences
seymour             2 occurrences
hersh               3 occurrences
sourcelisten        1 occurrences
password            6 occurrences
dropbox             4 occurrences
nsa                 41 occurrences
microchip           7 occurrences
update              14 occurrences
belowthree          1 occurrences
voluntary           13 occurrences
implant             3 occurrences
radiofrequency      1 occurrences
identification      23 occurrences
chip                16 occurrences
thumb               9 occurrences
forefingerthe       1 occurrences
rfid                2 occurrences
doors               17 occurrences
computers           17 occurrences
vending             7 occurrences
machines            11 occurrences
mobile              11 occurrences
walletthree         1 occurrences
assures             3 occurrences
encryptedthe        1 occurrences
fda                 4 occurrences
splinter            2 occurrences
wisn                1 occurrences
elliott             1 occurrences
implanted           5 occurrences
pinch               1 occurrences
wbayit              1 occurrences
microchips          1 occurrences
employeesif         1 occurrences
inevitably          6 occurrences
falls               20 occurrences
wisc                1 occurrences
implants            1 occurrences
westby              2 occurrences
ktspthe             1 occurrences
designs             1 occurrences
commonly            9 occurrences
complexespeople     1 occurrences
scan                6 occurrences
item                9 occurrences
kiosk               2 occurrences
swipe               6 occurrences
proximity           4 occurrences
cell                28 occurrences
devices             19 occurrences
forefinger          1 occurrences
size                24 occurrences
grain               3 occurrences
ricealong           1 occurrences
computerseach       1 occurrences
eating              13 occurrences
forefingerwestby    1 occurrences
encrypted           2 occurrences
saidfortune         1 occurrences
biohax              1 occurrences
swedish             62 occurrences
specializing        4 occurrences
biometric           5 occurrences
sensors             9 occurrences
embedded            6 occurrences
uses                23 occurrences
nearfield           1 occurrences
nfc                 1 occurrences
chips               4 occurrences
rely                15 occurrences
wireless            3 occurrences
frequency           5 occurrences
packages            6 occurrences
transitdoes         1 occurrences
hereno              1 occurrences
implantvia          1 occurrences
wbrz                1 occurrences
napolitano          23 occurrences
tip                 18 occurrences
iceberg             6 occurrences
contact             27 occurrences
heating             4 occurrences
breach              15 occurrences
congressthe         3 occurrences
associatesthe       1 occurrences
firedthree          1 occurrences
abruptly            7 occurrences
permissionbrothers  1 occurrences
abid                26 occurrences
jamal               14 occurrences
barred              12 occurrences
learnedthree        1 occurrences
suspects            18 occurrences
terrorismalso       1 occurrences
campaignthe         2 occurrences
congressjamal       1 occurrences
joaquin             8 occurrences
panels              7 occurrences
terminated          13 occurrences
erin                3 occurrences
fridayjamal         1 occurrences
louisiana           36 occurrences
cedric              1 occurrences
securityimran       1 occurrences
reps                5 occurrences
andre               1 occurrences
jackie              4 occurrences
speier              1 occurrences
spokesmen           2 occurrences
schultzthenrep      1 occurrences
tammy               3 occurrences
duckworth           2 occurrences
illinois            27 occurrences
bankruptcyread      1 occurrences
wring               1 occurrences
hurting             13 occurrences
beltway             2 occurrences
premiums            12 occurrences
deductibles         2 occurrences
peopleplease        1 occurrences
enlighten           1 occurrences
van                 30 occurrences
hollen              9 occurrences
nightmare           10 occurrences
informationsenator  1 occurrences
hollenvan           1 occurrences
twittervan          1 occurrences
facebookplease      1 occurrences
abovevan            1 occurrences
flopper             1 occurrences
peoplevan           1 occurrences
camerota            4 occurrences
poses               5 occurrences
trumpcare           1 occurrences
delighted           5 occurrences
grave               11 occurrences
reservations        3 occurrences
alisyn              1 occurrences
perfect             26 occurrences
exchanges           19 occurrences
improved            11 occurrences
sabotage            2 occurrences
guard               45 occurrences
biden               98 occurrences
personally          30 occurrences
crucial             17 occurrences
emotional           8 occurrences
diagnosed           3 occurrences
brain               16 occurrences
beau                17 occurrences
limitswhile         1 occurrences
remained            22 occurrences
verge               2 occurrences
legacyformer        1 occurrences
lieberman           2 occurrences
postread            2 occurrences
huffpo              1 occurrences
socialized          4 occurrences
rejected            40 occurrences
staunchly           4 occurrences
statescnn           1 occurrences
tapper              5 occurrences
cobalt              1 occurrences
expensesinglepayer  1 occurrences
unable              35 occurrences
colorado            38 occurrences
yearsanders         1 occurrences
sums                11 occurrences
capita              26 occurrences
substantially       11 occurrences
christie            8 occurrences
heckled             2 occurrences
cubs                4 occurrences
yeah                14 occurrences
doat                1 occurrences
brewers             2 occurrences
chrischristie       1 occurrences
razzed              1 occurrences
hutchison           6 occurrences
bennyhutch          1 occurrences
nachos              2 occurrences
nosetonose          1 occurrences
booed               2 occurrences
mets                1 occurrences
catching            2 occurrences
filled              22 occurrences
francesa            2 occurrences
audition            1 occurrences
succeed             7 occurrences
retires             1 occurrences
yearthis            1 occurrences
runin               1 occurrences
streetvia           2 occurrences
bailouts            7 occurrences
forcing             27 occurrences
rates               47 occurrences
siegel              2 occurrences
needham             2 occurrences
exemption           10 occurrences
congressmichael     1 occurrences
feeling             11 occurrences
obamacarehe         1 occurrences
premium             9 occurrences
tired               12 occurrences
skyrocketing        2 occurrences
disadvantages       1 occurrences
defined             18 occurrences
entail              1 occurrences
fifty               7 occurrences
supportread         1 occurrences
tree                5 occurrences
farmer              12 occurrences
fined               13 occurrences
plowing             3 occurrences
vernal              3 occurrences
pools               5 occurrences
appealing           3 occurrences
spotlightjohn       1 occurrences
duarte              6 occurrences
sonny               1 occurrences
perdue              2 occurrences
clarification       3 occurrences
spotlight           8 occurrences
reportswhile        1 occurrences
exemptions          4 occurrences
farmersthe          1 occurrences
corps               23 occurrences
engineers           11 occurrences
nursery             1 occurrences
failing             38 occurrences
acre                2 occurrences
temporary           30 occurrences
bodies              21 occurrences
species             7 occurrences
overreach           7 occurrences
conway              10 occurrences
bob                 16 occurrences
goodlatte           6 occurrences
sided               6 occurrences
questioning         29 occurrences
merit               10 occurrences
caseread            1 occurrences
winit               1 occurrences
wellknown           9 occurrences
fnc                 3 occurrences
poniewozik          3 occurrences
programmer          1 occurrences
publicist           2 occurrences
virtual             6 occurrences
flattery            1 occurrences
encouragement       1 occurrences
advice              22 occurrences
furthering          3 occurrences
complimented        3 occurrences
yorks               1 occurrences
featuring           9 occurrences
accidental          2 occurrences
compliment          2 occurrences
advertisement       5 occurrences
revenge             3 occurrences
timeswow            1 occurrences
nytimes             2 occurrences
foxandfriends       12 occurrences
doocy               1 occurrences
viewers             9 occurrences
cohost              3 occurrences
ainsley             2 occurrences
earhardt            2 occurrences
kilmeade            1 occurrences
joked               8 occurrences
admit               29 occurrences
featured            13 occurrences
postlooks           1 occurrences
topread             1 occurrences
biz                 6 occurrences
pac                 10 occurrences
trusted             6 occurrences
advisor             15 occurrences
communicating       5 occurrences
mccabeinvestigating 1 occurrences
shakeups            1 occurrences
saracarterdc        1 occurrences
extensively         7 occurrences
unscrupulous        2 occurrences
timing              20 occurrences
mccabeinvestigative 1 occurrences
cernovich           7 occurrences
campaignmccabe      1 occurrences
races               13 occurrences
arose               4 occurrences
hilary              5 occurrences
democratour         1 occurrences
investigationacting 1 occurrences
photos              25 occurrences
compliance          13 occurrences
lawacting           1 occurrences
racesthe            1 occurrences
whistleblower       9 occurrences
prohibition         4 occurrences
photographed        6 occurrences
photo               35 occurrences
complaintother      1 occurrences
minor               12 occurrences
shirt               15 occurrences
polling             10 occurrences
stationhere         1 occurrences
andrewmccabe        1 occurrences
dick                7 occurrences
senrichardblack     1 occurrences
engaging            15 occurrences
defines             7 occurrences
ethics              35 occurrences
expert              25 occurrences
lawmeanwhile        1 occurrences
recruitment         11 occurrences
briefing            10 occurrences
readwatch           1 occurrences
campaignincluded    1 occurrences
package             15 occurrences
biography           4 occurrences
tasks               5 occurrences
virginiaat          1 occurrences
accountht           1 occurrences
punditread          1 occurrences
loyal               12 occurrences
boss                17 occurrences
potusthe            2 occurrences
anthony             24 occurrences
divorced            4 occurrences
deirdre             1 occurrences
marriage            55 occurrences
ruthless            4 occurrences
despises            1 occurrences
insane              17 occurrences
naked               4 occurrences
ambition            3 occurrences
deidre              2 occurrences
supportive          8 occurrences
walker              27 occurrences
jeb                 7 occurrences
yeardeidre          1 occurrences
skybridge           1 occurrences
ascend              1 occurrences
hellbent            5 occurrences
pegged              3 occurrences
halted              5 occurrences
spicer              15 occurrences
quitscaramucci      1 occurrences
yorker              3 occurrences
lizza               2 occurrences
king                64 occurrences
paranoid            3 occurrences
schizophrenic       1 occurrences
paranoiac           1 occurrences
suck                3 occurrences
brand               11 occurrences
mrsascaramucci      1 occurrences
focusing            10 occurrences
marrying            4 occurrences
fara                1 occurrences
golden              9 occurrences
shower              5 occurrences
campaignyes         1 occurrences
collusionsoooo      1 occurrences
trumpentire         1 occurrences
belowgraham         1 occurrences
pointforeign        1 occurrences
bowder              1 occurrences
testifies           1 occurrences
veslnitskaya        1 occurrences
dossierextraordinary1 occurrences
outragewhere        1 occurrences
wild                6 occurrences
goose               1 occurrences
chase               14 occurrences
incriminating       2 occurrences
clintonsen          1 occurrences
shoe                3 occurrences
raju                1 occurrences
pursued             4 occurrences
tpmwatch            1 occurrences
rino                14 occurrences
overt               5 occurrences
seriousness         8 occurrences
lifting             16 occurrences
adoption            12 occurrences
exspybefore         1 occurrences
messy               3 occurrences
mentioning          2 occurrences
secretive           14 occurrences
trumpaccording      1 occurrences
damaging            8 occurrences
trumpwhen           2 occurrences
facilitating        3 occurrences
jraccording         1 occurrences
sun                 16 occurrences
kgb                 1 occurrences
brit                4 occurrences
spook               1 occurrences
compile             2 occurrences
mysterious          6 occurrences
circumstancesoleg   1 occurrences
erovinkin           1 occurrences
widely              17 occurrences
boxing              1 occurrences
unconfirmed         1 occurrences
secrets             13 occurrences
presidentelect      15 occurrences
guardian            33 occurrences
charted             1 occurrences
documentsin         1 occurrences
outsourced          2 occurrences
shadow              8 occurrences
spooks              1 occurrences
siloviki            1 occurrences
securocrats         1 occurrences
guardianyesterday   1 occurrences
steelethe           1 occurrences
committeesometimes  1 occurrences
investmentyeah      1 occurrences
okaythe             1 occurrences
dug                 6 occurrences
burrows             1 occurrences
wroteon             1 occurrences
halifax             2 occurrences
forum               16 occurrences
introduced          18 occurrences
reliable            7 occurrences
wood                5 occurrences
spoken              16 occurrences
compromisedin       1 occurrences
nuanced             2 occurrences
kompromat           1 occurrences
tapes               1 occurrences
stress              8 occurrences
thorough            7 occurrences
itclearly           1 occurrences
somebody            38 occurrences
didfrom             1 occurrences
emissary            2 occurrences
namethe             1 occurrences
instructed          16 occurrences
documentswithin     1 occurrences
interpreted         3 occurrences
prisoner            18 occurrences
warhowever          1 occurrences
judgment            23 occurrences
accuracy            2 occurrences
extent              25 occurrences
saidfor             5 occurrences
mailread            1 occurrences
editorinchief       3 occurrences
shapiro             3 occurrences
stacey              1 occurrences
plaskett            1 occurrences
delegate            4 occurrences
virgin              3 occurrences
explication         1 occurrences
wrongness           2 occurrences
ideaplaskett        1 occurrences
protested           8 occurrences
suppressed          4 occurrences
asserting           9 occurrences
taylor              28 occurrences
dumpston            1 occurrences
universityread      1 occurrences
collins             17 occurrences
murkowski           6 occurrences
alaska              10 occurrences
skinny              5 occurrences
thumbs              3 occurrences
reaction            24 occurrences
effectively         34 occurrences
replacing           13 occurrences
supportjohn         1 occurrences
skinn               1 occurrences
repealed            7 occurrences
improves            4 occurrences
burdensome          3 occurrences
ease                9 occurrences
shell               4 occurrences
failures            7 occurrences
rammed              2 occurrences
strictparty         1 occurrences
providers           11 occurrences
marketplace         6 occurrences
legislating         1 occurrences
aisle               9 occurrences
heed                5 occurrences
governors           9 occurrences
delivers            2 occurrences
disappointing       3 occurrences
mitch               27 occurrences
mcconnell           45 occurrences
regret              6 occurrences
weekmr              1 occurrences
implode             3 occurrences
col                 20 occurrences
shaffer             2 occurrences
bizarrehttpswwwyoutubecomwatchvulqiljvmsoour1 occurrences
bizarre             9 occurrences
wassermanschultz    2 occurrences
dulles              3 occurrences
bartiromo           5 occurrences
intelligent         9 occurrences
lots                18 occurrences
retrieve            3 occurrences
discoveredgetting   1 occurrences
rives               1 occurrences
backpakistaniborn   1 occurrences
righthand           3 occurrences
chairwoman          7 occurrences
groupa              1 occurrences
parttime            3 occurrences
basiscapitol        1 occurrences
lawmakerawan        1 occurrences
younger             9 occurrences
rao                 2 occurrences
abbas               1 occurrences
casethis            1 occurrences
livid               2 occurrences
ita                 2 occurrences
abusing             7 occurrences
myriad              4 occurrences
questionable        15 occurrences
schemes             8 occurrences
besides             11 occurrences
placing             10 occurrences
ghost               4 occurrences
payrollimran        2 occurrences
collectively        5 occurrences
netted              3 occurrences
absence             10 occurrences
raise               40 occurrences
paychecks           6 occurrences
actionscapitol      2 occurrences
awans               3 occurrences
detected            6 occurrences
affairsour          2 occurrences
dems                11 occurrences
topsecret           4 occurrences
bithere             3 occurrences
stuart              9 occurrences
minimum             40 occurrences
backgroundhow       3 occurrences
strategies          10 occurrences
wayyes              3 occurrences
hacked              27 occurrences
incredible          18 occurrences
amazingchiefs       3 occurrences
overbilling         6 occurrences
equipmenttheir      3 occurrences
floridachiefs       3 occurrences
equipmentdespite    3 occurrences
generous            27 occurrences
mortgage            36 occurrences
transfers           10 occurrences
debtevading         3 occurrences
bankruptcy          27 occurrences
debts               5 occurrences
themit              4 occurrences
automotive          4 occurrences
fulltime            8 occurrences
repossessed         3 occurrences
foldedabid          3 occurrences
somehow             27 occurrences
creditors           7 occurrences
assets              21 occurrences
soba                3 occurrences
residences          3 occurrences
spouse              15 occurrences
separated           5 occurrences
nonbankruptcy       3 occurrences
evading             4 occurrences
yearsabid           3 occurrences
alcoholrelated      3 occurrences
intoxication        3 occurrences
daya                5 occurrences
hilarie             3 occurrences
sandy               20 occurrences
levin               13 occurrences
confident           11 occurrences
terminate           6 occurrences
foursome            4 occurrences
embarassing         3 occurrences
derrick             5 occurrences
robinson            9 occurrences
bass                4 occurrences
statusfor           3 occurrences
appreciates         2 occurrences
charity             32 occurrences
gameremember        1 occurrences
republicanshere     1 occurrences
shootingrep         1 occurrences
measure             37 occurrences
wallthe             1 occurrences
largely             38 occurrences
linesthe            1 occurrences
minibus             1 occurrences
packaged            1 occurrences
projects            30 occurrences
branch              25 occurrences
mustpass            3 occurrences
allencompassing     1 occurrences
omnibusbuilding     1 occurrences
priority            23 occurrences
emphasis            9 occurrences
campaigndemocrats   1 occurrences
ineffectiveread     1 occurrences
nonmuslims          7 occurrences
wide                24 occurrences
strangers           5 occurrences
liverpool           1 occurrences
christians          50 occurrences
occurrence          5 occurrences
upscale             2 occurrences
neighborhoods       20 occurrences
yelling             9 occurrences
homeownerssomalis   1 occurrences
sunni               15 occurrences
calhoun             1 occurrences
intimidating        2 occurrences
milliondollar       1 occurrences
homesthey           1 occurrences
approached          11 occurrences
victim              61 occurrences
gary                10 occurrences
bohanna             2 occurrences
inquiring           1 occurrences
religion            44 occurrences
christian           87 occurrences
attacker            9 occurrences
punching            2 occurrences
labour              5 occurrences
councillor          1 occurrences
moss                3 occurrences
utter               5 occurrences
attackers           11 occurrences
laughed             5 occurrences
injurieswitness     1 occurrences
edris               1 occurrences
nosrati             2 occurrences
teenager            2 occurrences
hero                13 occurrences
intoxicated         1 occurrences
assaults            4 occurrences
racially            6 occurrences
abused              17 occurrences
confessed           5 occurrences
nonmuslim           2 occurrences
counter             17 occurrences
unit                26 occurrences
mens                1 occurrences
upside              3 occurrences
amin                2 occurrences
mohmed              1 occurrences
cried               4 occurrences
jailed              16 occurrences
faruq               1 occurrences
patel               1 occurrences
offenders           10 occurrences
institutionread     1 occurrences
echo                4 occurrences
jump                13 occurrences
leads               23 occurrences
congressit          1 occurrences
pelosi              25 occurrences
ipadwikileaks       1 occurrences
nancy               17 occurrences
ipad                2 occurrences
kaitlyn             1 occurrences
thankstracie        1 occurrences
kate                14 occurrences
conf                1 occurrences
tracierosalyn       1 occurrences
kumar               1 occurrences
schultzthe          1 occurrences
blown               6 occurrences
opensome            1 occurrences
atawan              1 occurrences
smashed             7 occurrences
themawan            1 occurrences
amounts             22 occurrences
decade              30 occurrences
brotherhooddebbie   1 occurrences
investigationfraud  1 occurrences
equity              3 occurrences
loan                27 occurrences
residence           8 occurrences
faisalabad          1 occurrences
pakistanawan        1 occurrences
fled                12 occurrences
intention           27 occurrences
boarding            1 occurrences
lahore              1 occurrences
scamming            3 occurrences
excusable           1 occurrences
conveniently        5 occurrences
islamophobia        3 occurrences
ultra               1 occurrences
payrollcapitol      1 occurrences
affairsimran        1 occurrences
traveling           25 occurrences
planetoday          1 occurrences
frenzy              5 occurrences
literal             2 occurrences
utterly             4 occurrences
unsupported         1 occurrences
outlandish          3 occurrences
slanderous          2 occurrences
ultrarightwing      1 occurrences
pizzagate           1 occurrences
weary               2 occurrences
roomba              1 occurrences
cleaning            11 occurrences
mapping             5 occurrences
manufacturers       10 occurrences
amazon              13 occurrences
tuesdaywhile        1 occurrences
harmless            2 occurrences
maps                2 occurrences
collecting          14 occurrences
maintenance         10 occurrences
cycles              1 occurrences
pointsif            1 occurrences
glean               1 occurrences
irobot              2 occurrences
user                8 occurrences
functionalityin     1 occurrences
actuality           1 occurrences
subsidiaries        1 occurrences
vendors             5 occurrences
transaction         5 occurrences
merger              5 occurrences
bulk                12 occurrences
shopping            10 occurrences
deviceread          1 occurrences
gizmodo             1 occurrences
dimple              4 occurrences
ajmera              5 occurrences
characterize        1 occurrences
dividing            4 occurrences
governmentdangerous 1 occurrences
whatsoever          7 occurrences
flashpoint          2 occurrences
wcnc                1 occurrences
sundayajmera        1 occurrences
autry               1 occurrences
atlarge             1 occurrences
fallajmera          1 occurrences
divisiveness        1 occurrences
tackle              9 occurrences
mobility            5 occurrences
trumppence          2 occurrences
waved               3 occurrences
flagsthe            1 occurrences
refought            1 occurrences
repeatedlyher       1 occurrences
dan                 20 occurrences
mccorkle            2 occurrences
waving              11 occurrences
proajmera           1 occurrences
charlotteliberal    1 occurrences
buzzwords           1 occurrences
expectsebastian     1 occurrences
feculak             1 occurrences
applaud             3 occurrences
xenophopia          1 occurrences
racism              36 occurrences
sexism              3 occurrences
tension             4 occurrences
stakes              4 occurrences
erupted             3 occurrences
gallery             2 occurrences
phrases             4 occurrences
interrupted         10 occurrences
roll                27 occurrences
visitors            8 occurrences
passes              6 occurrences
legislators         11 occurrences
gallerythe          1 occurrences
nervous             5 occurrences
reluctant           4 occurrences
planjohn            1 occurrences
humility            1 occurrences
dependence          5 occurrences
bombastic           1 occurrences
loudmouths          1 occurrences
uncertainty         4 occurrences
predicting          2 occurrences
pence               8 occurrences
marc                9 occurrences
excited             7 occurrences
pointsen            1 occurrences
reed                7 occurrences
mic                 1 occurrences
shit                2 occurrences
hampering           1 occurrences
effortsthe          1 occurrences
markup              3 occurrences
skewered            1 occurrences
blake               3 occurrences
farenthold          3 occurrences
texasfarenthold     1 occurrences
settle              13 occurrences
burrstyle           1 occurrences
cnnreed             1 occurrences
duel                2 occurrences
burr                7 occurrences
alexander           10 occurrences
unattractive        1 occurrences
massachusetts       25 occurrences
sanctuary           41 occurrences
tucker              15 occurrences
carlson             13 occurrences
interviewed         27 occurrences
subverting          2 occurrences
skewed              4 occurrences
lawin               1 occurrences
hailed              6 occurrences
solely              14 occurrences
detainer            3 occurrences
lyons               6 occurrences
andover             1 occurrences
billerica           1 occurrences
shaunna             1 occurrences
connell             1 occurrences
taunton             1 occurrences
cosponsors          4 occurrences
straightforward     3 occurrences
fare                4 occurrences
democratcontrolled  2 occurrences
emma                1 occurrences
winger              1 occurrences
laura               4 occurrences
rotolo              2 occurrences
jurisdictions       10 occurrences
sjc                 1 occurrences
detainersbristol    1 occurrences
hodgson             2 occurrences
illegally           67 occurrences
boston              25 occurrences
convey              1 occurrences
necessarily         8 occurrences
oathhow             1 occurrences
convenient          4 occurrences
blitzer             6 occurrences
bashfest            1 occurrences
fyi                 4 occurrences
communist           55 occurrences
cold                21 occurrences
lecturing           4 occurrences
russiathese         1 occurrences
doubt               29 occurrences
shamefulall         1 occurrences
speakremember       1 occurrences
truthful            4 occurrences
smoke               11 occurrences
mirrors             3 occurrences
misspoke            3 occurrences
wittingly           3 occurrences
clapperhere         2 occurrences
parses              2 occurrences
externally          2 occurrences
exfbi               1 occurrences
developments        7 occurrences
bothersome          1 occurrences
undermining         6 occurrences
checks              41 occurrences
balances            2 occurrences
inherent            10 occurrences
sieve               2 occurrences
flatly              2 occurrences
leakers             4 occurrences
weakest             3 occurrences
dickerson           5 occurrences
pardons             2 occurrences
unprofessional      5 occurrences
injurious           1 occurrences
felonious           2 occurrences
twominute           2 occurrences
saidscaramucci      1 occurrences
everybody           39 occurrences
ned                 4 occurrences
ryun                2 occurrences
discusses           8 occurrences
territory           23 occurrences
pertain             1 occurrences
limit               37 occurrences
reputable           1 occurrences
resource            9 occurrences
patty               3 occurrences
attend              26 occurrences
twoday              5 occurrences
workshop            3 occurrences
stuck               12 occurrences
unsustainable       4 occurrences
figures             37 occurrences
lay                 8 occurrences
frightening         7 occurrences
snapcis             1 occurrences
identical           8 occurrences
allcitizen          3 occurrences
themthis            1 occurrences
treating            7 occurrences
clearcut            1 occurrences
illegalsthis        1 occurrences
arrangement         12 occurrences
corrected           5 occurrences
gettoughonillegalimmigration1 occurrences
trumpi              1 occurrences
billionayear        1 occurrences
programstwo         1 occurrences
mind                52 occurrences
operate             14 occurrences
anticitizen         1 occurrences
appointment         17 occurrences
outsiders           3 occurrences
agencythe           4 occurrences
servant             5 occurrences
notices             8 occurrences
existenceit         1 occurrences
subtle              1 occurrences
professionals       13 occurrences
welfare             91 occurrences
distinction         7 occurrences
mixed               6 occurrences
benefitdetermination1 occurrences
methods             8 occurrences
citizenslet         1 occurrences
adjacent            5 occurrences
incomes             7 occurrences
consist             2 occurrences
stayathome          2 occurrences
toddler             8 occurrences
nativeborn          3 occurrences
households          18 occurrences
citizenok           1 occurrences
alice               4 occurrences
mirror              5 occurrences
sees                21 occurrences
threecitizen        1 occurrences
twomember           2 occurrences
twothirds           10 occurrences
counted             9 occurrences
hence               2 occurrences
notthere            1 occurrences
bands               2 occurrences
sized               1 occurrences
cis                 4 occurrences
ineligible          7 occurrences
admittedly          1 occurrences
trumpthis           1 occurrences
symptomatic         2 occurrences
realities           6 occurrences
liking              2 occurrences
jobsbut             1 occurrences
minutia             1 occurrences
subclass            1 occurrences
retail              12 occurrences
write               26 occurrences
policiesso          1 occurrences
unknown             17 occurrences
hungryread          1 occurrences
websitejessica      1 occurrences
vaughan             8 occurrences
administrationplease1 occurrences
impromptu           2 occurrences
lunch               23 occurrences
drove               12 occurrences
fail                18 occurrences
straight            23 occurrences
collapses           3 occurrences
sens                6 occurrences
rme                 2 occurrences
shelley             5 occurrences
moore               27 occurrences
capito              4 occurrences
rwv                 2 occurrences
rak                 2 occurrences
delayed             9 occurrences
enacting            6 occurrences
yearssusan          1 occurrences
gopresident         1 occurrences
moran               4 occurrences
fairly              9 occurrences
decimating          1 occurrences
victories           5 occurrences
fails               12 occurrences
sporting            4 occurrences
commemorative       2 occurrences
stetson             1 occurrences
omaha               3 occurrences
steaks              2 occurrences
oneliner            1 occurrences
beef                11 occurrences
gentleman           7 occurrences
hugged              1 occurrences
kiss                4 occurrences
badly               15 occurrences
remarkspresident    1 occurrences
nbcpolitics         2 occurrences
admiring            1 occurrences
batpresident        1 occurrences
admires             1 occurrences
bat                 4 occurrences
miss                17 occurrences
crusty              1 occurrences
nbcnews             3 occurrences
alan                7 occurrences
dershowitz          4 occurrences
mantra              4 occurrences
entities            11 occurrences
informationthat     1 occurrences
clintonnot          1 occurrences
jeanine             11 occurrences
prosecuted          20 occurrences
prosecute           14 occurrences
nonus               2 occurrences
newspapers          8 occurrences
print               10 occurrences
obtains             1 occurrences
wanthe              1 occurrences
precedent           19 occurrences
treat               21 occurrences
jpmorgan            2 occurrences
jamie               1 occurrences
dimon               6 occurrences
dysfunction         3 occurrences
bureaucratic        9 occurrences
confusing           8 occurrences
litigious           4 occurrences
cabinet             24 occurrences
disagrees           7 occurrences
pilot               13 occurrences
airplane            8 occurrences
patriot             27 occurrences
ondimon             1 occurrences
emphasized          8 occurrences
fixing              3 occurrences
infrastructure      48 occurrences
brains              3 occurrences
excessive           10 occurrences
formation           2 occurrences
stupid              16 occurrences
analyst             17 occurrences
recession           11 occurrences
spite               6 occurrences
stupidity           5 occurrences
gridlock            6 occurrences
sector              33 occurrences
banking             11 occurrences
travels             4 occurrences
argentina           17 occurrences
ireland             7 occurrences
saidjpmorgan        1 occurrences
handily             1 occurrences
estimates           22 occurrences
lending             8 occurrences
revenuedc           1 occurrences
recess              28 occurrences
billhere            1 occurrences
dimonsince          1 occurrences
airports            6 occurrences
graduatingi         1 occurrences
india               20 occurrences
practical           17 occurrences
itmy                1 occurrences
taxation            4 occurrences
trillion            39 occurrences
benefiting          2 occurrences
unfortunate         7 occurrences
politic             1 occurrences
relegated           2 occurrences
clientvia           1 occurrences
btch                7 occurrences
fck                 5 occurrences
rape                47 occurrences
hardworking         5 occurrences
han                 3 occurrences
prontothe           1 occurrences
incentivized        4 occurrences
mothers             7 occurrences
foundfinancial      1 occurrences
monthfood           1 occurrences
familymedicaid      1 occurrences
pluswic             1 occurrences
programchild        1 occurrences
audlt               1 occurrences
meals               14 occurrences
daycaresubsidized   1 occurrences
lowcost             4 occurrences
childcarefree       1 occurrences
prek                2 occurrences
programsection      1 occurrences
housingunemployment 1 occurrences
weekstuition        1 occurrences
cradle              2 occurrences
crutch              1 occurrences
expense             15 occurrences
guessed             5 occurrences
dependency          3 occurrences
flint               56 occurrences
epa                 126 occurrences
michigan            60 occurrences
corroded            2 occurrences
leadpolluted        1 occurrences
pipescritics        1 occurrences
lambasted           2 occurrences
environmental       55 occurrences
environmentepa      1 occurrences
pruitt              18 occurrences
improving           9 occurrences
improvements        4 occurrences
beleaguered         1 occurrences
leadtainted         1 occurrences
pipes               6 occurrences
muchneeded          4 occurrences
weaver              6 occurrences
awarded             22 occurrences
magnitude           3 occurrences
crumbling           4 occurrences
prioritycnn         1 occurrences
obsessed            3 occurrences
defunding           4 occurrences
infrastructuredespite1 occurrences
contaminated        10 occurrences
citizenssource      1 occurrences
tribune             21 occurrences
steyn               4 occurrences
wrestling           4 occurrences
logo                8 occurrences
horse               9 occurrences
steynour            1 occurrences
hosts               9 occurrences
deeper              11 occurrences
apologized          9 occurrences
remorse             2 occurrences
reserves            9 occurrences
blackmailsooo       1 occurrences
behaves             1 occurrences
threatin            1 occurrences
missed              14 occurrences
wwe                 2 occurrences
rightfraudnewscnn   1 occurrences
fnn                 1 occurrences
pictwittercomwyunhjjujg1 occurrences
privatesoon         1 occurrences
abuzz               2 occurrences
extorting           2 occurrences
citizendonald       1 occurrences
retweeted           1 occurrences
threatcongressman   1 occurrences
outcnn              1 occurrences
coerce              2 occurrences
apology             13 occurrences
cnnblackmail        1 occurrences
scotttaylorva       1 occurrences
trending            4 occurrences
worldiwidewhat      1 occurrences
gotcha              2 occurrences
putto               1 occurrences
backfire            6 occurrences
magic               3 occurrences
disappear           6 occurrences
brokea              1 occurrences
warsaw              5 occurrences
hamburg             4 occurrences
germany             79 occurrences
summit              40 occurrences
coat                2 occurrences
misses              2 occurrences
deplaningthe        1 occurrences
waves               7 occurrences
polandmelania       1 occurrences
cheering            7 occurrences
arrives             3 occurrences
lined               5 occurrences
routepolish         1 occurrences
escort              3 occurrences
polandthe           1 occurrences
bastille            3 occurrences
ceremonies          3 occurrences
amongst             10 occurrences
rva                 3 occurrences
bodyslammed         1 occurrences
fakenews            1 occurrences
criticizes          2 occurrences
focussing           1 occurrences
overreact           2 occurrences
trap                4 occurrences
millennials         1 occurrences
celebrate           16 occurrences
watson              9 occurrences
alertpaul           1 occurrences
misconceptions      1 occurrences
warningit           1 occurrences
dinesh              7 occurrences
souza               4 occurrences
edmund              1 occurrences
burke               11 occurrences
ought               7 occurrences
lovely              1 occurrences
ours                8 occurrences
flaws               3 occurrences
worthy              12 occurrences
amazingly           1 occurrences
distinguishes       1 occurrences
impressively        2 occurrences
selfmade            1 occurrences
tycoons             1 occurrences
pierre              3 occurrences
omidyar             1 occurrences
ebay                2 occurrences
respectable         1 occurrences
despised            1 occurrences
merchant            1 occurrences
laborer             1 occurrences
latter              12 occurrences
degraded            1 occurrences
greece              27 occurrences
medieval            2 occurrences
islam               78 occurrences
altered             6 occurrences
hierarchy           2 occurrences
inequalities        3 occurrences
gaps                6 occurrences
inch                3 occurrences
socially            4 occurrences
unaffected          2 occurrences
disparities         8 occurrences
alexis              2 occurrences
tocqueville         1 occurrences
egalitarianism      1 occurrences
century             18 occurrences
prevalent           2 occurrences
riches              1 occurrences
gates               9 occurrences
typical             19 occurrences
sense               51 occurrences
fate                16 occurrences
yourself            21 occurrences
sheet               9 occurrences
artist              3 occurrences
establishing        10 occurrences
distinctively       1 occurrences
existed             6 occurrences
xenophobia          4 occurrences
prejudice           5 occurrences
phenomena           1 occurrences
expended            5 occurrences
treasure            3 occurrences
strenuous           1 occurrences
eradicate           3 occurrences
preference          2 occurrences
unlikely            18 occurrences
terrorize           3 occurrences
amazed              5 occurrences
serbs               1 occurrences
croatians           1 occurrences
sikhs               1 occurrences
hindus              1 occurrences
irish               7 occurrences
catholics           9 occurrences
protestants         2 occurrences
jews                20 occurrences
palestinians        10 occurrences
spearing            1 occurrences
embraces            1 occurrences
kindest             1 occurrences
gentlest            1 occurrences
react               5 occurrences
sputtering          1 occurrences
quoting             2 occurrences
laundry             1 occurrences
sins                2 occurrences
totalitarianism     1 occurrences
proceeded           8 occurrences
abstaining          3 occurrences
superpower          3 occurrences
conquering          3 occurrences
subjugating         1 occurrences
soviets             2 occurrences
occasion            12 occurrences
intervenes          2 occurrences
overthrow           8 occurrences
tyrannical          7 occurrences
abuses              5 occurrences
grenada             1 occurrences
bosnia              7 occurrences
orphanages          2 occurrences
planes              21 occurrences
avert               2 occurrences
hardship            7 occurrences
restraint           3 occurrences
unequaled           2 occurrences
russiathe           1 occurrences
resulting           14 occurrences
projected           5 occurrences
refusing            33 occurrences
czars               2 occurrences
fellowships         1 occurrences
staffhere           1 occurrences
findingssome        1 occurrences
browner             1 occurrences
faithbased          5 occurrences
partnerships        3 occurrences
joshua              2 occurrences
dubois              1 occurrences
adolfo              1 occurrences
carrion             1 occurrences
nancyann            1 occurrences
deparle             1 occurrences
stafferstrump       1 occurrences
eliminated          7 occurrences
positions           37 occurrences
elaine              2 occurrences
pamela              7 occurrences
coleman             16 occurrences
katherine           4 occurrences
pielemeier          1 occurrences
cohn                4 occurrences
goldman             9 occurrences
sachs               11 occurrences
liddell             1 occurrences
strategic           17 occurrences
microsoft           5 occurrences
reduced             15 occurrences
paycheck            6 occurrences
dept                19 occurrences
interior            16 occurrences
repair              6 occurrences
cemeteries          7 occurrences
forbes              6 occurrences
barn                1 occurrences
burner              1 occurrences
walter              11 occurrences
reid                39 occurrences
speeches            17 occurrences
harry               21 occurrences
millerharry         1 occurrences
bulgeharry          1 occurrences
storyduring         1 occurrences
tank                9 occurrences
crews               7 occurrences
ordnance            1 occurrences
depot               4 occurrences
destroyer           5 occurrences
german              42 occurrences
panzer              1 occurrences
leibstandarte       1 occurrences
adolf               2 occurrences
hitlerbeing         1 occurrences
guards              22 occurrences
podesta             15 occurrences
valerie             13 occurrences
obamas              24 occurrences
instrumental        2 occurrences
exposed             31 occurrences
heated              8 occurrences
central             92 occurrences
doorsthis           1 occurrences
testy               1 occurrences
perfectly           6 occurrences
exemplifies         1 occurrences
nowbartiromo        1 occurrences
skepticism          3 occurrences
embodies            2 occurrences
web                 7 occurrences
weaselbartiromo     1 occurrences
aggressively        12 occurrences
portfoliothis       1 occurrences
russiarussia        1 occurrences
rubles              3 occurrences
obamarussia         1 occurrences
vet                 12 occurrences
basedvet            2 occurrences
dismissing          6 occurrences
fbn                 1 occurrences
infowars            10 occurrences
assad               51 occurrences
captain             8 occurrences
shayrat             1 occurrences
airfield            7 occurrences
cruise              7 occurrences
hangar              2 occurrences
associated          50 occurrences
saiddavis           1 occurrences
intelligencethe     1 occurrences
heavy               24 occurrences
aheadremember       1 occurrences
commanderinchief    4 occurrences
syriathe            4 occurrences
newt                5 occurrences
gingrich            6 occurrences
drops               6 occurrences
upwho               1 occurrences
loony               4 occurrences
epic                10 occurrences
whereas             3 occurrences
banning             9 occurrences
andwhereas          7 occurrences
stems               4 occurrences
enacted             12 occurrences
counselors          3 occurrences
refer               5 occurrences
patients            18 occurrences
morally             7 occurrences
reprehensible       2 occurrences
akin                3 occurrences
exorbitant          2 occurrences
spiraling           1 occurrences
deficits            10 occurrences
runaway             4 occurrences
pleasantly          1 occurrences
recruit             6 occurrences
puzzled             2 occurrences
prohibit            15 occurrences
colleges            17 occurrences
participating       18 occurrences
athletic            5 occurrences
madness             9 occurrences
memphis             8 occurrences
regional            25 occurrences
kansas              43 occurrences
mississippi         17 occurrences
disagreements       6 occurrences
persuasive          1 occurrences
productive          9 occurrences
thereto             1 occurrences
tenth               5 occurrences
jurisdiction        10 occurrences
precept             1 occurrences
persist             1 occurrences
punitive            5 occurrences
constitutionally    10 occurrences
mandated            15 occurrences
reciprocal          2 occurrences
thereforebe         1 occurrences
concurring          1 occurrences
urge                6 occurrences
respective          1 occurrences
selective           10 occurrences
tennesseebe         1 occurrences
fortyeight          2 occurrences
unfounded           2 occurrences
foolishnessoh       1 occurrences
fraudster           2 occurrences
except              33 occurrences
slap                12 occurrences
wrist               3 occurrences
repeat              6 occurrences
offendersa          1 occurrences
hispanic            21 occurrences
translator          7 occurrences
swindled            2 occurrences
payers              1 occurrences
eduardo             2 occurrences
leonardo            6 occurrences
slowly              5 occurrences
brooklyn            7 occurrences
admitted            60 occurrences
committing          16 occurrences
reimbursein         1 occurrences
super               27 occurrences
jar                 2 occurrences
peanut              1 occurrences
butter              1 occurrences
jelly               1 occurrences
profitthe           1 occurrences
transactionsthe     1 occurrences
scammer             1 occurrences
supermarket         5 occurrences
glenwood            1 occurrences
canarsie            1 occurrences
registered          19 occurrences
discounted          4 occurrences
donnellyremember    1 occurrences
donnellysupplemental1 occurrences
nutritious          5 occurrences
debit               8 occurrences
foodbetween         1 occurrences
documentsabout      1 occurrences
transactionsleonardo1 occurrences
whaaaatthis         1 occurrences
happeninga          1 occurrences
swindles            1 occurrences
punishment          11 occurrences
crimevia            2 occurrences
eagle               3 occurrences
pirro               3 occurrences
establishment       39 occurrences
railroad            5 occurrences
convincing          4 occurrences
savaged             3 occurrences
succession          1 occurrences
damn                13 occurrences
exclaimed           2 occurrences
kumbaya             1 occurrences
crap                2 occurrences
pants               3 occurrences
convince            13 occurrences
fulfilled           1 occurrences
canceling           1 occurrences
prisoners           31 occurrences
cubanamerican       1 occurrences
enclave             3 occurrences
havana              15 occurrences
marco               28 occurrences
rubio               46 occurrences
restrictions        37 occurrences
cubathe             1 occurrences
yells               3 occurrences
jennifer            3 occurrences
korn                1 occurrences
jennifersks         1 occurrences
sing                3 occurrences
presidentcrowd      1 occurrences
singing             4 occurrences
daypresident        1 occurrences
cancelling          5 occurrences
cubathank           1 occurrences
ripple              8 occurrences
robbed              18 occurrences
kan                 3 occurrences
confinement         7 occurrences
funnya              1 occurrences
lawrence            9 occurrences
probation           13 occurrences
starripple          1 occurrences
teller              5 occurrences
sat                 21 occurrences
policeadvertisingcourt1 occurrences
herchekasha         1 occurrences
ramsey              1 occurrences
defender            3 occurrences
carlos              8 occurrences
murguia             5 occurrences
defendant           8 occurrences
depression          7 occurrences
undergoing          5 occurrences
medication          1 occurrences
star                28 occurrences
reportedvia         1 occurrences
kcs                 1 occurrences
escalate            2 occurrences
sickcan             1 occurrences
pssies              1 occurrences
kaine               7 occurrences
ballot              17 occurrences
boxpartial          1 occurrences
transcriptmika      1 occurrences
brzezinski          1 occurrences
continuation        4 occurrences
bubble              17 occurrences
reclaim             2 occurrences
dva                 2 occurrences
momentum            2 occurrences
energized           1 occurrences
gplisten            1 occurrences
faux                4 occurrences
organized           30 occurrences
grassroots          15 occurrences
label               11 occurrences
sounds              16 occurrences
admitting           12 occurrences
planned             114 occurrences
parenthoodobama     1 occurrences
achieving           10 occurrences
transforming        4 occurrences
compares            5 occurrences
assailed            2 occurrences
trampled            1 occurrences
ideals              10 occurrences
handinhand          2 occurrences
fabric              7 occurrences
banded              2 occurrences
bled                2 occurrences
vigor               1 occurrences
outgoing            9 occurrences
burton              2 occurrences
powerbroker         1 occurrences
profane             1 occurrences
cheered             4 occurrences
saidoutgoing        1 occurrences
cadem               1 occurrences
johnburton          1 occurrences
upraised            1 occurrences
pictwittercomviqnqlhdjc1 occurrences
carla               1 occurrences
marinucci           1 occurrences
cmarinucci          1 occurrences
influencing         4 occurrences
sunk                2 occurrences
classless           1 occurrences
thug                9 occurrences
profanityfilled     1 occurrences
losing              24 occurrences
discussion          41 occurrences
josh                19 occurrences
caplan              4 occurrences
joshdcaplan         4 occurrences
snake               2 occurrences
hadn                18 occurrences
killedmcauliffe     1 occurrences
crony               6 occurrences
redistricting       1 occurrences
felons              8 occurrences
antitrumpprobernie  1 occurrences
picturesupdate      1 occurrences
inundated           3 occurrences
hastes              1 occurrences
facebookthis        1 occurrences
derangement         4 occurrences
syndrome            2 occurrences
twistedfrom         1 occurrences
pagewe              2 occurrences
weapona             1 occurrences
pole                2 occurrences
silver              5 occurrences
nail                4 occurrences
stab                1 occurrences
pictwittercomybmthryudn1 occurrences
pol                 1 occurrences
polnewsforever      1 occurrences
wear                23 occurrences
tshirts             2 occurrences
slogans             4 occurrences
wears               2 occurrences
violenceleaders     1 occurrences
style               13 occurrences
budgets             9 occurrences
priorities          28 occurrences
coons               5 occurrences
del                 2 occurrences
gauged              1 occurrences
amencoons           1 occurrences
unhappy             3 occurrences
oriented            3 occurrences
appreciated         1 occurrences
saidtillerson       1 occurrences
calculating         1 occurrences
highlighted         10 occurrences
irresponsible       10 occurrences
resultsthe          1 occurrences
endgiving           1 occurrences
confirms            8 occurrences
exception           14 occurrences
saidgreat           1 occurrences
tillersonvia        1 occurrences
hakeem              2 occurrences
jeffries            4 occurrences
jacka               1 occurrences
wondering           20 occurrences
worship             9 occurrences
altar               2 occurrences
campaignhttpswwwyoutubecomwatchvoiakbhizggwhow1 occurrences
dripping            3 occurrences
unrealduring        1 occurrences
dny                 3 occurrences
antiimmigrant       2 occurrences
antiblack           1 occurrences
antilgbt            1 occurrences
antisemitic         2 occurrences
coincidence         12 occurrences
historic            47 occurrences
whenever            11 occurrences
progress            36 occurrences
consistent          12 occurrences
listing             1 occurrences
africanamericans    7 occurrences
outhouse            1 occurrences
perpetrating        1 occurrences
flocked             3 occurrences
candidacy           9 occurrences
crimes              60 occurrences
mukasey             9 occurrences
appearances         4 occurrences
mister              1 occurrences
eerie               1 occurrences
psychogrotesque     1 occurrences
introducing         3 occurrences
statute             13 occurrences
saidon              6 occurrences
purposes            18 occurrences
diane               4 occurrences
feinstein           7 occurrences
jury                35 occurrences
unserious           1 occurrences
devious             3 occurrences
considers           10 occurrences
calculated          7 occurrences
drainthedeepstate   1 occurrences
pictwittercomplovqsdfzf1 occurrences
vigilance           2 occurrences
uspatrol            1 occurrences
hugeread            1 occurrences
monthsthe           2 occurrences
leadershipsen       1 occurrences
sundayasked         1 occurrences
sturdier            1 occurrences
vocally             2 occurrences
decisionsmccain     1 occurrences
electionhe          1 occurrences
fumbled             1 occurrences
mental              21 occurrences
fitness             8 occurrences
senatememes         1 occurrences
pop                 8 occurrences
mediamccain         1 occurrences
obstructionist      2 occurrences
colors              6 occurrences
diminishing         3 occurrences
overregulation      3 occurrences
weighing            7 occurrences
lbs                 1 occurrences
podium              6 occurrences
flipped             2 occurrences
binder              2 occurrences
thudwith            1 occurrences
highlight           12 occurrences
permitting          4 occurrences
roads               8 occurrences
dam                 2 occurrences
empire              7 occurrences
approvals           5 occurrences
permits             38 occurrences
weeklong            4 occurrences
announcing          22 occurrences
advisers            13 occurrences
tackled             2 occurrences
structurally        1 occurrences
deficient           1 occurrences
clogged             1 occurrences
dams                4 occurrences
rivers              6 occurrences
trouble             22 occurrences
railways            2 occurrences
aging               3 occurrences
chronic             5 occurrences
slows               2 occurrences
diminishes          1 occurrences
dca                 5 occurrences
deterioration       4 occurrences
huh                 5 occurrences
panelist            1 occurrences
barnicle            1 occurrences
intervenethis       1 occurrences
repairable          2 occurrences
scarborough         2 occurrences
interjected         3 occurrences
irreparable         3 occurrences
agreedlater         1 occurrences
responding          10 occurrences
gunrunning          2 occurrences
furiousthe          1 occurrences
scathing            5 occurrences
slain               6 occurrences
nuisance            1 occurrences
deserving           5 occurrences
furioussenator      1 occurrences
atf                 14 occurrences
obstructing         2 occurrences
onset               1 occurrences
shameless           5 occurrences
silenced            4 occurrences
dodson              2 occurrences
purgatory           1 occurrences
objecting           3 occurrences
reprisals           2 occurrences
instantly           2 occurrences
enemy               31 occurrences
suffice             4 occurrences
reinforced          3 occurrences
firearms            38 occurrences
shootout            5 occurrences
spinning            4 occurrences
coverage            31 occurrences
lapses              3 occurrences
atfthe              1 occurrences
compelling          7 occurrences
videoseveral        1 occurrences
appointees          8 occurrences
jinx                1 occurrences
astounding          11 occurrences
cole                1 occurrences
reportthe           5 occurrences
riowa               2 occurrences
deceptively         2 occurrences
interdict           2 occurrences
straw               3 occurrences
embolden            1 occurrences
darrell             4 occurrences
issa                5 occurrences
struggle            19 occurrences
ron                 13 occurrences
welch               1 occurrences
colleaguesborder    1 occurrences
gunfight            1 occurrences
sixman              1 occurrences
cartel              2 occurrences
regularly           13 occurrences
patrolled           3 occurrences
desert              8 occurrences
dealers             6 occurrences
robread             1 occurrences
pal                 2 occurrences
detailing           8 occurrences
pressbut            1 occurrences
richman             2 occurrences
henry               7 occurrences
midday              4 occurrences
lighta              1 occurrences
doorman             1 occurrences
buildingrichman     1 occurrences
alexandra           5 occurrences
bowie               1 occurrences
civic               11 occurrences
bray                2 occurrences
usurped             4 occurrences
lena                1 occurrences
dunham              1 occurrences
nabe                1 occurrences
inhabitantcomey     1 occurrences
content             20 occurrences
prompt              5 occurrences
nypwho              1 occurrences
leaker              3 occurrences
gutting             1 occurrences
trumpcomey          1 occurrences
reporterthe         1 occurrences
daniel              25 occurrences
directorcomey       1 occurrences
statedjames         1 occurrences
confidant           3 occurrences
richmandoes         1 occurrences
syndrometwo         1 occurrences
delusional          2 occurrences
syndromenow         1 occurrences
sherman             6 occurrences
joins               3 occurrences
mediaite            3 occurrences
spewing             2 occurrences
falsehoods          3 occurrences
favorite            20 occurrences
pastime             2 occurrences
repeating           4 occurrences
uncanny             2 occurrences
thattwo             2 occurrences
congresscritters    2 occurrences
laughable           5 occurrences
favorites           5 occurrences
hobnobbing          3 occurrences
hahacongressman     2 occurrences
impeached           5 occurrences
elects              2 occurrences
brainiacsrep        2 occurrences
interviews          36 occurrences
hearingsgreen       2 occurrences
impeachmentwaters   2 occurrences
jokers              2 occurrences
scolded             3 occurrences
harris              24 occurrences
dcalif              5 occurrences
rude                11 occurrences
rudeharris          1 occurrences
intervene           7 occurrences
courtesy            13 occurrences
demagogue           1 occurrences
blurted             1 occurrences
joking              1 occurrences
filibuster          13 occurrences
ariz                1 occurrences
questionswe         2 occurrences
nominated           12 occurrences
nominating          9 occurrences
impeccable          1 occurrences
credentials         7 occurrences
nominates           1 occurrences
americafirst        1 occurrences
bobblehead          1 occurrences
informing           3 occurrences
occasions           5 occurrences
nevertheless        4 occurrences
concur              3 occurrences
restores            1 occurrences
slew                1 occurrences
keating             3 occurrences
mcfeely             1 occurrences
pistole             1 occurrences
settling            2 occurrences
wraythe             1 occurrences
nominate            11 occurrences
testifieschristopher1 occurrences
bridgegate          1 occurrences
bonkers             2 occurrences
facthere            1 occurrences
wraywray            1 occurrences
graduate            7 occurrences
enron               4 occurrences
justiceas           1 occurrences
prosecutions        10 occurrences
securities          4 occurrences
spaulding           1 occurrences
partnervia          1 occurrences
forfeiting          1 occurrences
counterterrorism    13 occurrences
eloquently          2 occurrences
saidlater           2 occurrences
interrupt           2 occurrences
saidharris          2 occurrences
advising            3 occurrences
overlook            4 occurrences
detainment          2 occurrences
liability           14 occurrences
interpretation      9 occurrences
irritated           2 occurrences
angrily             5 occurrences
excuse              10 occurrences
saidthings          1 occurrences
touchy              1 occurrences
miraculously        2 occurrences
miracle             1 occurrences
counties            26 occurrences
welfaretowork       1 occurrences
ingeorgia           1 occurrences
sharp               9 occurrences
decrease            8 occurrences
ingeorgiamore       1 occurrences
journalconstitution 1 occurrences
reportedgeorgia     1 occurrences
bnalabamathirteen   1 occurrences
exempted            8 occurrences
resourcesthe        1 occurrences
greene              1 occurrences
hale                1 occurrences
perry               8 occurrences
lowndes             1 occurrences
wilcox              3 occurrences
monroe              2 occurrences
conecuh             1 occurrences
clarke              1 occurrences
choctaw             5 occurrences
sumter              1 occurrences
barbour             1 occurrences
exempt              15 occurrences
dependents          8 occurrences
threeyear           9 occurrences
frame               6 occurrences
programduring       1 occurrences
downturn            1 occurrences
reinstituted        1 occurrences
excluded            4 occurrences
statehigh           1 occurrences
countiesas          1 occurrences
statewide           8 occurrences
dhr                 1 occurrences
spokesperson        15 occurrences
hardystatewide      1 occurrences
fallen              16 occurrences
recipient           8 occurrences
receives            9 occurrences
benefitsnationwide  1 occurrences
ensuring            15 occurrences
workingvia          1 occurrences
alcom               2 occurrences
machetes            1 occurrences
hammers             3 occurrences
peopleit            4 occurrences
locked              13 occurrences
notredame           1 occurrences
cathedral           5 occurrences
hammer              9 occurrences
notre               1 occurrences
dame                1 occurrences
cathedralbfmtv      1 occurrences
plainclothes        2 occurrences
doctors             29 occurrences
paramedics          1 occurrences
knowndavid          1 occurrences
rahul               1 occurrences
treaum              1 occurrences
bfmtv               1 occurrences
evacuated           3 occurrences
cit                 1 occurrences
seine               1 occurrences
centre              18 occurrences
paristhe            2 occurrences
investigationvia    1 occurrences
upgrade             15 occurrences
waste               40 occurrences
plusplus            1 occurrences
skies               2 occurrences
privatize           4 occurrences
modernize           2 occurrences
painfully           4 occurrences
corporation         15 occurrences
landbased           1 occurrences
precise             4 occurrences
tools               10 occurrences
chao                1 occurrences
airlines            11 occurrences
ford                10 occurrences
theatre             6 occurrences
gala                3 occurrences
renew               4 occurrences
waged               5 occurrences
endas               1 occurrences
spreading           7 occurrences
shores              7 occurrences
fondnessford        1 occurrences
landmark            10 occurrences
theater             7 occurrences
fundraising         14 occurrences
fts                 1 occurrences
programming         7 occurrences
dates               9 occurrences
administrationtraditionally1 occurrences
pregala             1 occurrences
reception           9 occurrences
scheduling          2 occurrences
cancellation        5 occurrences
traveler            1 occurrences
disability          45 occurrences
inadvertently       3 occurrences
overhauledthe       1 occurrences
eligibility         9 occurrences
conn                22 occurrences
clientsa            1 occurrences
slimy               1 occurrences
eastern             33 occurrences
kentucky            28 occurrences
defrauding          1 occurrences
saideric            1 occurrences
bribing             2 occurrences
dollarsbut          1 occurrences
prompting           10 occurrences
habich              1 occurrences
louisville          8 occurrences
whereabouts         2 occurrences
returnedconn        1 occurrences
trailer             7 occurrences
persona             1 occurrences
fueled              8 occurrences
smallscale          1 occurrences
replicas            1 occurrences
kentuckybut         1 occurrences
crumbled            2 occurrences
reimburse           1 occurrences
damages             25 occurrences
clients             17 occurrences
predictable         7 occurrences
pillersdorf         2 occurrences
frequent            8 occurrences
assess              13 occurrences
betting             4 occurrences
pool                16 occurrences
prestonsburg        1 occurrences
newz                1 occurrences
grandkids           3 occurrences
portends            1 occurrences
implicate           4 occurrences
righta              1 occurrences
researcher          3 occurrences
clintonloretta      1 occurrences
researching         2 occurrences
orthodontist        1 occurrences
larry               10 occurrences
kawa                2 occurrences
benghaziit          1 occurrences
followingany        1 occurrences
transcripts         4 occurrences
planners            4 occurrences
theattorney         1 occurrences
patrick             19 occurrences
howley              1 occurrences
writesthe           1 occurrences
purported           2 occurrences
rare                14 occurrences
justification       3 occurrences
secretsthe          1 occurrences
scandalread         1 occurrences
nowthe              5 occurrences
compilation         4 occurrences
chicken             11 occurrences
littles             1 occurrences
screeching          1 occurrences
falla               1 occurrences
negotiated          16 occurrences
sounded             7 occurrences
withdrawing         3 occurrences
accordcnn           1 occurrences
graphic             12 occurrences
listed              23 occurrences
deadlier            1 occurrences
droughts            3 occurrences
wildfires           4 occurrences
extinction          1 occurrences
princeton           5 occurrences
drought             5 occurrences
floods              3 occurrences
drowning            4 occurrences
coastal             8 occurrences
oppenheimer         2 occurrences
saidlatenight       1 occurrences
chimed              1 occurrences
doomed              3 occurrences
noah                1 occurrences
nothingburger       3 occurrences
lately              3 occurrences
costbenefit         1 occurrences
hugehere            1 occurrences
goodbye             3 occurrences
accordgoodbye       1 occurrences
signatories         1 occurrences
announce            25 occurrences
economies           13 occurrences
sacrificial         1 occurrences
lambs               1 occurrences
changeindustrial    1 occurrences
industrial          10 occurrences
losses              10 occurrences
cement              2 occurrences
iron                5 occurrences
petroleum           4 occurrences
refining            2 occurrences
output              1 occurrences
sharplyhollowing    1 occurrences
pennsylvania        22 occurrences
concentrated        3 occurrences
jobssmashing        1 occurrences
strongly            23 occurrences
backers             5 occurrences
reads               22 occurrences
electric            14 occurrences
morgan              30 occurrences
stanley             5 occurrences
walmart             12 occurrences
dupont              1 occurrences
unilever            1 occurrences
johnson             78 occurrences
giants              8 occurrences
cope                3 occurrences
costly              12 occurrences
competitors         4 occurrences
startups            1 occurrences
increased           60 occurrences
costsmaking         1 occurrences
poorer              6 occurrences
electricity         7 occurrences
annually            9 occurrences
lessmuch            1 occurrences
overall             26 occurrences
exacerbate          1 occurrences
solvency            2 occurrences
reliance            5 occurrences
financiallybackground1 occurrences
mnuchin             8 occurrences
mnuchinisn          1 occurrences
picks               8 occurrences
fantasticbillionaire1 occurrences
reasonsthese        1 occurrences
coordinate          8 occurrences
roaring             1 occurrences
nominees            7 occurrences
bureaucratsthey     1 occurrences
selected            12 occurrences
cnbcmnuchin         2 occurrences
secretaries         10 occurrences
blockbusters        2 occurrences
helm                10 occurrences
selection           7 occurrences
tapping             3 occurrences
insider             13 occurrences
staffs              4 occurrences
pledges             5 occurrences
swamp               8 occurrences
tapped              6 occurrences
commerceread        2 occurrences
jeep                1 occurrences
momentthis          1 occurrences
redistribution      10 occurrences
americansour        1 occurrences
kerry               67 occurrences
jubilant            2 occurrences
carbon              38 occurrences
emissions           26 occurrences
jokesters           1 occurrences
pressing            12 occurrences
unicorns            2 occurrences
rainbowsjohn        1 occurrences
negotiators         8 occurrences
prepare             12 occurrences
impacts             16 occurrences
pact                20 occurrences
temperatures        6 occurrences
intense             10 occurrences
negotiations        31 occurrences
binding             9 occurrences
blocs               1 occurrences
proposals           9 occurrences
laurent             2 occurrences
fabius              1 occurrences
adopt               8 occurrences
objections          13 occurrences
rose                20 occurrences
applaudingjohn      1 occurrences
grandchildren       10 occurrences
courage             13 occurrences
edna                1 occurrences
molewa              1 occurrences
map                 11 occurrences
warmingread         1 occurrences
bbcread             1 occurrences
lyndsey             3 occurrences
graham              58 occurrences
justicewe           1 occurrences
slippery            4 occurrences
reportsthe          5 occurrences
intelligencerelated 1 occurrences
powerhaving         1 occurrences
strengthened        5 occurrences
gathering           14 occurrences
sergei              4 occurrences
kislyaksusan        1 occurrences
beginflashback      1 occurrences
hackingsenator      2 occurrences
flimsy              3 occurrences
lawyerrice          2 occurrences
invitation          16 occurrences
diversionary        2 occurrences
distract            8 occurrences
saidthat            4 occurrences
thinkaccording      2 occurrences
lindsey             17 occurrences
participate         18 occurrences
whitehouse          7 occurrences
departure           13 occurrences
bipartisan          27 occurrences
invitations         3 occurrences
kathryn             4 occurrences
ruemmler            3 occurrences
respectfully        8 occurrences
mongering           5 occurrences
exploded            13 occurrences
recipientsthe       1 occurrences
footing             9 occurrences
stampswork          1 occurrences
requiring           23 occurrences
adult               7 occurrences
restoring           6 occurrences
operatethe          1 occurrences
reasserts           1 occurrences
oneway              5 occurrences
handout             3 occurrences
taxpayersshifting   1 occurrences
stateswhy           1 occurrences
shifting            7 occurrences
systemread          2 occurrences
judgement           4 occurrences
teachers            30 occurrences
thinkinga           1 occurrences
disciplined         4 occurrences
naming              10 occurrences
lizeth              5 occurrences
villanueva          1 occurrences
seventh             5 occurrences
grader              1 occurrences
certificate         11 occurrences
awards              16 occurrences
aguirre             1 occurrences
junior              4 occurrences
channelview         1 occurrences
certificates        6 occurrences
bombing             13 occurrences
ariana              1 occurrences
grande              4 occurrences
manchester          2 occurrences
england             13 occurrences
laughing            6 occurrences
ena                 1 occurrences
hernandezhernandez  1 occurrences
problemread         2 occurrences
nato                25 occurrences
twentythree         1 occurrences
bucks               4 occurrences
wiselynato          1 occurrences
itinerary           2 occurrences
estate              29 occurrences
magnate             4 occurrences
ribboncutting       1 occurrences
glassy              1 occurrences
dinner              22 occurrences
lightninground      1 occurrences
timetrump           1 occurrences
resettle            30 occurrences
outraged            14 occurrences
shipped             6 occurrences
americaif           1 occurrences
hiddenredacted      1 occurrences
blowing             8 occurrences
volag               7 occurrences
catholic            39 occurrences
bishops             19 occurrences
usccb               4 occurrences
ghastly             2 occurrences
corcoran            18 occurrences
belowstate          1 occurrences
hides               3 occurrences
chunks              2 occurrences
mil                 2 occurrences
refugeesthe         5 occurrences
spends              14 occurrences
nationals           17 occurrences
volags              15 occurrences
withhold            7 occurrences
involve             6 occurrences
recordsthe          4 occurrences
privileged          6 occurrences
mood                3 occurrences
taxpayerfunded      11 occurrences
uac                 2 occurrences
oneyear             3 occurrences
uacs                5 occurrences
honduras            15 occurrences
guatemala           11 occurrences
blamed              17 occurrences
hhsas               1 occurrences
furnished           1 occurrences
redacted            14 occurrences
contracted          7 occurrences
laptops             3 occurrences
screen              14 occurrences
tvs                 7 occurrences
pregnancy           5 occurrences
tests               13 occurrences
multicultural       10 occurrences
crayons             2 occurrences
stalls              2 occurrences
shelter             13 occurrences
baptist             10 occurrences
bcfs                10 occurrences
breakdown           7 occurrences
sill                1 occurrences
lackland            1 occurrences
texashhs            1 occurrences
beds                5 occurrences
kits                2 occurrences
latex               1 occurrences
lice                1 occurrences
shampoo             1 occurrences
recreation          7 occurrences
soccer              4 occurrences
balls               6 occurrences
ropes               1 occurrences
educational         14 occurrences
art                 15 occurrences
cellphones          2 occurrences
accommodations      12 occurrences
imt                 1 occurrences
fourmonth           1 occurrences
extravagant         2 occurrences
hightech            2 occurrences
lavish              6 occurrences
childrenthis        1 occurrences
forthcoming         5 occurrences
illustrate          4 occurrences
disparate           5 occurrences
redaction           2 occurrences
furniture           4 occurrences
availablehhs        1 occurrences
affiliates          1 occurrences
racket              5 occurrences
monstrous           4 occurrences
pinpoint            1 occurrences
gigs                1 occurrences
ethiopian           6 occurrences
episcopal           10 occurrences
ministries          4 occurrences
hebrew              3 occurrences
lutheran            11 occurrences
corporationvia      1 occurrences
mick                7 occurrences
mulvaney            9 occurrences
fantastic           14 occurrences
grandstanding       5 occurrences
jacksonlee          2 occurrences
begging             3 occurrences
sickeningit         1 occurrences
uncaring            1 occurrences
bullyhe             1 occurrences
cooke               1 occurrences
recommend           11 occurrences
omb                 3 occurrences
outlines            7 occurrences
intents             2 occurrences
rips                7 occurrences
awesomewe           2 occurrences
beautifully         2 occurrences
trey                15 occurrences
gowdy               22 occurrences
actors              5 occurrences
fool                7 occurrences
brennananother      1 occurrences
brennanagain        1 occurrences
schiff              6 occurrences
pressured           11 occurrences
excia               2 occurrences
enlist              10 occurrences
riyadh              3 occurrences
venue               3 occurrences
abdulaziz           1 occurrences
edtthe              1 occurrences
boldit              1 occurrences
billed              5 occurrences
unite               3 occurrences
strengthen          16 occurrences
resonate            2 occurrences
worldsaudi          1 occurrences
isissaudi           1 occurrences
militant            9 occurrences
kingdommohammed     1 occurrences
alissa              1 occurrences
secretarygeneral    5 occurrences
saudibased          2 occurrences
coordinating        5 occurrences
inauguration        14 occurrences
salmansaudi         1 occurrences
yahoo               17 occurrences
doubled             3 occurrences
comeyin             1 occurrences
closeddoor          3 occurrences
dismiss             3 occurrences
fond                2 occurrences
remarksopening      1 occurrences
statementgood       1 occurrences
emphasize           6 occurrences
unshakeable         1 occurrences
justicebefore       1 occurrences
participated        6 occurrences
selecting           4 occurrences
meon                1 occurrences
recommending        6 occurrences
assert              6 occurrences
clintoni            1 occurrences
profoundly          3 occurrences
engrained           2 occurrences
guaranteed          5 occurrences
accuse              13 occurrences
interfering         6 occurrences
electionthere       1 occurrences
lawful              16 occurrences
unusual             15 occurrences
jeopardized         4 occurrences
citizensdirector    1 occurrences
seminar             3 occurrences
disagreed           12 occurrences
faiththe            1 occurrences
reopening           2 occurrences
obligated           3 occurrences
disagree            12 occurrences
objection           4 occurrences
flouted             1 occurrences
electionbefore      1 occurrences
explanations        3 occurrences
maintaining         9 occurrences
constitutes         7 occurrences
concealment         2 occurrences
nonetheless         4 occurrences
respected           10 occurrences
personallyformer    1 occurrences
mistake             33 occurrences
departed            3 occurrences
departmentin        1 occurrences
thensenator         4 occurrences
winter              6 occurrences
established         35 occurrences
leakson             1 occurrences
notwithstanding     2 occurrences
affection           1 occurrences
leaderi             1 occurrences
memorandum          20 occurrences
summarizing         3 occurrences
investigationi      2 occurrences
memorandumbefore    1 occurrences
finalizing          3 occurrences
concurred           1 occurrences
editsmy             1 occurrences
lawmy               1 occurrences
misconduct          18 occurrences
render              4 occurrences
coursemy            1 occurrences
justify             13 occurrences
forcause            1 occurrences
terminationmy       1 occurrences
survey              16 occurrences
morale              3 occurrences
performancemy       1 occurrences
releaseit           1 occurrences
noon                3 occurrences
itfinally           1 occurrences
moreover            12 occurrences
consulted           4 occurrences
recalls             6 occurrences
requestend          1 occurrences
transcriptthe       1 occurrences
chain               18 occurrences
recommendation      12 occurrences
drafted             7 occurrences
directorhe          1 occurrences
lets                13 occurrences
compromisedthink    1 occurrences
idiot               3 occurrences
hillarydon          1 occurrences
craziness           1 occurrences
principal           21 occurrences
unmasker            1 occurrences
purposessenator     1 occurrences
talks               37 occurrences
missteps            1 occurrences
orlando             18 occurrences
dennis              14 occurrences
kucinich            1 occurrences
presidentthis       1 occurrences
americait           1 occurrences
lifewhat            1 occurrences
motive              7 occurrences
substantiating      1 occurrences
iii                 16 occurrences
reporteddeputy      1 occurrences
warranted           4 occurrences
independence        35 occurrences
wilmerhale          1 occurrences
departmentnotice    1 occurrences
turley              5 occurrences
listened            5 occurrences
lengthy             13 occurrences
timeline            4 occurrences
refreshing          5 occurrences
freaks              3 occurrences
qualified           13 occurrences
placeplease         1 occurrences
ample               1 occurrences
sally               7 occurrences
yates               8 occurrences
proceeding          7 occurrences
tend                14 occurrences
corruptly           1 occurrences
carl                4 occurrences
higbie              2 occurrences
screeched           2 occurrences
anchor              10 occurrences
yikes               4 occurrences
snowflake           1 occurrences
lockstep            3 occurrences
rightshouldn        1 occurrences
sourcethis          1 occurrences
commentary          10 occurrences
cripple             2 occurrences
trumpers            1 occurrences
hannitytucker       1 occurrences
lieutenant          6 occurrences
colonel             4 occurrences
housethe            4 occurrences
statenever          1 occurrences
startling           4 occurrences
clues               2 occurrences
thisrod             1 occurrences
rightto             1 occurrences
daysguess           1 occurrences
ranking             22 occurrences
wanting             14 occurrences
murderer            6 occurrences
itin                3 occurrences
caseconfirmed       1 occurrences
videowow            1 occurrences
attachments         2 occurrences
deceased            4 occurrences
trumpjust           1 occurrences
shy                 9 occurrences
theorists           4 occurrences
rightrod            1 occurrences
tangible            4 occurrences
laptop              14 occurrences
deathnow            1 occurrences
suggest             16 occurrences
thatwheeler         1 occurrences
homicide            4 occurrences
detective           3 occurrences
parallel            2 occurrences
correlation         3 occurrences
tuesdaythe          3 occurrences
gunned              6 occurrences
newsa               2 occurrences
forensic            5 occurrences
generated           7 occurrences
gavin               7 occurrences
macfadyen           4 occurrences
nowdeceased         1 occurrences
documentary         8 occurrences
london              17 occurrences
macfayden           1 occurrences
electiongavin       1 occurrences
harrison            5 occurrences
confirming          11 occurrences
stalled             4 occurrences
contributor         4 occurrences
wee                 1 occurrences
sits                10 occurrences
shelf               1 occurrences
transferred         15 occurrences
newswe              1 occurrences
resignation         11 occurrences
schultzrich         2 occurrences
killer              18 occurrences
killers             5 occurrences
phonewikileaks      2 occurrences
leakwikileaks       2 occurrences
guccifer            21 occurrences
actress             8 occurrences
robbin              8 occurrences
youngin             2 occurrences
leakerhis           2 occurrences
servers             18 occurrences
proofdirect         2 occurrences
actressmodel        2 occurrences
robbinyoung         4 occurrences
cared               6 occurrences
wasnt               2 occurrences
sethrich            2 occurrences
hacker              18 occurrences
presumptive         11 occurrences
moniker             5 occurrences
homage              2 occurrences
nom                 2 occurrences
guerre              2 occurrences
romanian            10 occurrences
marcel              5 occurrences
lazar               7 occurrences
cybercrimes         2 occurrences
rtwhile             2 occurrences
pilger              2 occurrences
somewhat            14 occurrences
cagey               2 occurrences
replyhere           2 occurrences
conversationjulian  2 occurrences
whistleblowers      5 occurrences
risks               15 occurrences
yearold             5 occurrences
washingtonreporter  2 occurrences
itjulian            2 occurrences
riskswatch          2 occurrences
motion              11 occurrences
belowseth           1 occurrences
redditors           4 occurrences
users               12 occurrences
pursuing            13 occurrences
fateful             3 occurrences
intending           2 occurrences
familymore          2 occurrences
mails               2 occurrences
piqued              2 occurrences
combing             2 occurrences
murderthe           3 occurrences
itv                 5 occurrences
scoffed             3 occurrences
hackers             12 occurrences
dump                14 occurrences
offending           7 occurrences
messagesgiven       2 occurrences
presumably          17 occurrences
crusade             5 occurrences
heatstreetgo        2 occurrences
fascinating         3 occurrences
glowing             3 occurrences
kara                1 occurrences
mccullough          4 occurrences
bummershe           1 occurrences
rage                9 occurrences
intolerable         2 occurrences
betrayal            6 occurrences
crown               9 occurrences
missusa             2 occurrences
clarifies           1 occurrences
gma                 1 occurrences
uganda              1 occurrences
coercive            4 occurrences
redistributive      1 occurrences
aspirationshot      1 occurrences
clarifying          1 occurrences
reversing           3 occurrences
meanther            1 occurrences
coherent            1 occurrences
processed           7 occurrences
colloquial          1 occurrences
synonym             1 occurrences
gratitude           2 occurrences
wonderfully         1 occurrences
etc                 13 occurrences
pageant             2 occurrences
contestant          1 occurrences
graciousness        1 occurrences
didor               1 occurrences
woodshed            1 occurrences
adjustment          2 occurrences
commievia           1 occurrences
moonbattery         8 occurrences
reconfirm           1 occurrences
newsit              1 occurrences
dignitaries         2 occurrences
dots                3 occurrences
mcmasterthe         1 occurrences
leakmcmaster        1 occurrences
premise             6 occurrences
cspan               8 occurrences
codirector          1 occurrences
foes                1 occurrences
temper              1 occurrences
tantrum             1 occurrences
fcc                 20 occurrences
doesthe             1 occurrences
themcurrent         1 occurrences
ajit                3 occurrences
pai                 9 occurrences
commissioners       8 occurrences
lifeline            26 occurrences
programtyranny      1 occurrences
obamaphone          6 occurrences
wraps               5 occurrences
programfederal      1 occurrences
bilk                3 occurrences
claimsthe           3 occurrences
millionthe          4 occurrences
apparent            27 occurrences
nal                 4 occurrences
commissioner        29 occurrences
parted              5 occurrences
broadband           6 occurrences
directive           10 occurrences
preventing          12 occurrences
expanding           21 occurrences
persisting          3 occurrences
safeguardsfcc       2 occurrences
wiquist             3 occurrences
coincidental        4 occurrences
modernization       2 occurrences
emailif             1 occurrences
swampland           2 occurrences
screenshot          2 occurrences
articlethe          1 occurrences
disclosures         10 occurrences
statethe            6 occurrences
intelligencesharing 1 occurrences
saidthey            1 occurrences
advisorthis         1 occurrences
awesomenational     1 occurrences
natl                1 occurrences
pictwittercomgrncllznvc1 occurrences
nutjob              1 occurrences
tow                 4 occurrences
terrified           5 occurrences
confronts           3 occurrences
films               4 occurrences
hurling             3 occurrences
insults             11 occurrences
provoke             7 occurrences
intimidate          10 occurrences
freaking            4 occurrences
reassure            6 occurrences
verifiably          1 occurrences
faking              1 occurrences
edit                2 occurrences
liar                19 occurrences
weren               29 occurrences
picture             25 occurrences
rug                 4 occurrences
rack                2 occurrences
rugs                2 occurrences
buried              9 occurrences
bith                2 occurrences
describes           11 occurrences
bystander           2 occurrences
fing                3 occurrences
madethen            1 occurrences
parking             6 occurrences
filming             2 occurrences
dares               2 occurrences
sarcastically       2 occurrences
simon               2 occurrences
triggers            4 occurrences
mentally            13 occurrences
unstable            3 occurrences
muster              4 occurrences
bother              13 occurrences
outofcontrol        3 occurrences
razzieworthy        1 occurrences
scared              18 occurrences
remembers           3 occurrences
dry                 3 occurrences
cheeks              1 occurrences
wails               1 occurrences
uncontrollably      1 occurrences
earsplitting        1 occurrences
samaritan           1 occurrences
nose                8 occurrences
grows               4 occurrences
recounting          2 occurrences
sjws                1 occurrences
lievia              1 occurrences
pjmedia             2 occurrences
courtjudge          1 occurrences
scalia              75 occurrences
primaryduring       1 occurrences
test                32 occurrences
jong                7 occurrences
verifying           2 occurrences
capability          9 occurrences
scale               30 occurrences
warhead             7 occurrences
browbeating         1 occurrences
nukes               1 occurrences
misjudge            1 occurrences
sighting            1 occurrences
kcna                4 occurrences
landed              9 occurrences
pledging            3 occurrences
pyongyang           10 occurrences
dialoguethe         1 occurrences
neighboring         6 occurrences
kilometers          3 occurrences
reaching            14 occurrences
altitude            3 occurrences
saidexperts         1 occurrences
trajectory          4 occurrences
lateral             1 occurrences
distance            8 occurrences
testfire            1 occurrences
tactical            6 occurrences
technological       5 occurrences
specifications      2 occurrences
largesize           1 occurrences
intercontinental    7 occurrences
icbm                2 occurrences
pacific             22 occurrences
command             28 occurrences
japanus             1 occurrences
moon                2 occurrences
jaein               1 occurrences
wednesdaythe        4 occurrences
milesand            1 occurrences
intermediaterange   2 occurrences
northwest           7 occurrences
washingtonbased     1 occurrences
demonstrated        11 occurrences
irbm                1 occurrences
pres                7 occurrences
innovation          3 occurrences
milan               5 occurrences
seeds               4 occurrences
basics              5 occurrences
obamayou            1 occurrences
controlling         4 occurrences
masses              5 occurrences
hates               7 occurrences
cronies             8 occurrences
clapping            1 occurrences
lefties             4 occurrences
nutsoobama          1 occurrences
praising            10 occurrences
morebut             1 occurrences
reorganization      3 occurrences
mindset             4 occurrences
teaching            14 occurrences
profession          2 occurrences
robothow            1 occurrences
liferather          1 occurrences
redundant           2 occurrences
sustainable         41 occurrences
societythe          1 occurrences
cornyn              11 occurrences
senatorthe          1 occurrences
arealice            1 occurrences
fisher              2 occurrences
lawyermichael       1 occurrences
garcia              14 occurrences
judgeandrew         1 occurrences
directorwe          1 occurrences
firedmccabe         1 occurrences
mile                13 occurrences
longa               1 occurrences
mccaberepublican    1 occurrences
seat                24 occurrences
nowbreaking         1 occurrences
crooked             15 occurrences
hostility           9 occurrences
agentsthe           1 occurrences
vetting             17 occurrences
consideration       14 occurrences
positionattorney    1 occurrences
dateaccording       1 occurrences
latham              2 occurrences
watkins             5 occurrences
divisionpresident   1 occurrences
basisvia            1 occurrences
frustrations        6 occurrences
policing            12 occurrences
hindered            5 occurrences
stonewalling        2 occurrences
lawyering           1 occurrences
convened            2 occurrences
thingthe            1 occurrences
electronics         4 occurrences
printouts           2 occurrences
seize               13 occurrences
seizes              3 occurrences
clintonemail        2 occurrences
digenova            8 occurrences
session             27 occurrences
alligators          2 occurrences
toensingvictoria    1 occurrences
closeness           3 occurrences
scoop               2 occurrences
firedwhile          1 occurrences
overdue             4 occurrences
warn                8 occurrences
prosecutorand       1 occurrences
implore             2 occurrences
narcissist          1 occurrences
rationale           3 occurrences
unsecured           11 occurrences
statedeputy         1 occurrences
usurping            1 occurrences
pronouncement       1 occurrences
misdeeds            1 occurrences
misstating          1 occurrences
negligence          8 occurrences
impanel             1 occurrences
appalled            1 occurrences
comparisons         3 occurrences
burglary            1 occurrences
breakin             2 occurrences
wnd                 18 occurrences
sassy               2 occurrences
hockey              3 occurrences
pricelesshahaha     1 occurrences
reacts              1 occurrences
comeyfiring         1 occurrences
russiainvestigation 1 occurrences
anomaly             4 occurrences
steals              1 occurrences
forceful            2 occurrences
denial              9 occurrences
electionsrussian    1 occurrences
lips                3 occurrences
saidthe             57 occurrences
strongman           2 occurrences
pointblank          1 occurrences
foundhe             1 occurrences
reagan              16 occurrences
arctic              17 occurrences
issuesputin         1 occurrences
politicsall         1 occurrences
illusory            1 occurrences
agendas             3 occurrences
antirussian         1 occurrences
consolidate         3 occurrences
audiences           3 occurrences
reiterate           1 occurrences
polls               20 occurrences
unites              2 occurrences
federation          11 occurrences
perceive            5 occurrences
regard              14 occurrences
establish           17 occurrences
meddle              2 occurrences
undercut            2 occurrences
finland             14 occurrences
rotating            1 occurrences
councilfor          1 occurrences
lesson              6 occurrences
tumbling            2 occurrences
riots               22 occurrences
gas                 46 occurrences
occurrences         1 occurrences
lone                7 occurrences
filmed              6 occurrences
violin              2 occurrences
foreground          1 occurrences
surreal             5 occurrences
sole                5 occurrences
pierces             1 occurrences
helmet              2 occurrences
braces              1 occurrences
instrument          4 occurrences
chin                1 occurrences
confidently         1 occurrences
draws               4 occurrences
meal                6 occurrences
shortage            23 occurrences
suckswhy            1 occurrences
kellyanne           2 occurrences
anderson            26 occurrences
schooled            1 occurrences
summarized          1 occurrences
drums               1 occurrences
overwatch           1 occurrences
circles             7 occurrences
scenario            10 occurrences
assured             14 occurrences
decisively          2 occurrences
capably             1 occurrences
execute             7 occurrences
clip                15 occurrences
clintoncarlson      1 occurrences
explanatory         2 occurrences
packet              3 occurrences
overdeputy          1 occurrences
rosentein           1 occurrences
gaffes              2 occurrences
comeyall            1 occurrences
timecomey           1 occurrences
fbiag               1 occurrences
recommended         13 occurrences
cherished           1 occurrences
jewel               2 occurrences
statementvia        3 occurrences
grilled             5 occurrences
refusal             23 occurrences
admissible          1 occurrences
tin                 5 occurrences
bansenator          1 occurrences
kennedy             31 occurrences
rlouisiana          1 occurrences
barring             6 occurrences
mideast             6 occurrences
grounded            4 occurrences
saidkennedy         1 occurrences
wayyates            1 occurrences
discriminate        11 occurrences
decisionmaking      2 occurrences
rambo               1 occurrences
biggs               2 occurrences
rodriguez           11 occurrences
videotaped          4 occurrences
mexicothis          1 occurrences
rambobiggs          1 occurrences
sacramento          9 occurrences
zip                 8 occurrences
loaded              9 occurrences
veyit               1 occurrences
freebiesthis        1 occurrences
capandtrade         2 occurrences
offset              5 occurrences
threehour           3 occurrences
weeksacramento      1 occurrences
steinberg           1 occurrences
appointments        6 occurrences
schoolresidents     1 occurrences
minifleet           1 occurrences
zipcars             1 occurrences
sacramentoon        1 occurrences
kia                 1 occurrences
souls               3 occurrences
sites               25 occurrences
ondemand            1 occurrences
juicing             1 occurrences
batterythe          1 occurrences
emissionslocal      1 occurrences
disadvantaged       4 occurrences
groceries           5 occurrences
challenge           40 occurrences
strain              6 occurrences
safely              5 occurrences
carshare            1 occurrences
zipcar              2 occurrences
agenciesthe         1 occurrences
bostonbased         1 occurrences
carsharing          1 occurrences
alder               1 occurrences
grove               2 occurrences
broadway            6 occurrences
edgewater           1 occurrences
apartments          8 occurrences
lemon               5 occurrences
stationread         2 occurrences
bee                 1 occurrences
mast                1 occurrences
scorched            1 occurrences
preexisting         6 occurrences
staunchest          1 occurrences
provider            6 occurrences
empelosi            1 occurrences
teeth               7 occurrences
billpelosi          1 occurrences
scar                3 occurrences
glow                4 occurrences
indeedhouse         1 occurrences
tattooed            2 occurrences
liz                 4 occurrences
warren              26 occurrences
elizabeth           16 occurrences
enrich              3 occurrences
americanswarren     1 occurrences
scoring             2 occurrences
ahca                1 occurrences
bankrupt            7 occurrences
dad                 15 occurrences
confronted          11 occurrences
dads                1 occurrences
schoolsthis         1 occurrences
cair                53 occurrences
bleeding            11 occurrences
passively           1 occurrences
propagandajanet     1 occurrences
levy                3 occurrences
thinker             10 occurrences
sdusd               5 occurrences
geared              2 occurrences
cairidentified      1 occurrences
treasured           2 occurrences
christianity        11 occurrences
wyrickfinds         1 occurrences
religionbeliefs     1 occurrences
throathis           1 occurrences
reply               7 occurrences
viralbansharia      1 occurrences
schoolamerican      1 occurrences
decadelong          1 occurrences
yielding            1 occurrences
alarming            17 occurrences
submissions         1 occurrences
indoctrination      3 occurrences
capitulation        1 occurrences
islamcentric        1 occurrences
curriculum          8 occurrences
brotherhoodaffiliated1 occurrences
favoritism          4 occurrences
faithsthis          1 occurrences
launching           9 occurrences
bullied             7 occurrences
lessons             9 occurrences
muslimonly          1 occurrences
holidays            8 occurrences
calendar            2 occurrences
ramadanaccording    1 occurrences
stan                1 occurrences
anjan               1 occurrences
image               20 occurrences
disciplinary        3 occurrences
bullying            9 occurrences
restorative         1 occurrences
dialogue            12 occurrences
perceived           10 occurrences
listings            1 occurrences
wellcair            1 occurrences
fundamentalist      2 occurrences
hamas               13 occurrences
emerson             2 occurrences
unindicted          2 occurrences
coconspirator       2 occurrences
terrorfunding       1 occurrences
hezb                1 occurrences
allah               23 occurrences
incarcerated        6 occurrences
uae                 2 occurrences
beiser              1 occurrences
mcquary             1 occurrences
formal              15 occurrences
proclamation        6 occurrences
recognition         7 occurrences
constructive        3 occurrences
imperial            5 occurrences
hanif               2 occurrences
mohebi              4 occurrences
equitable           4 occurrences
trustees            1 occurrences
mediating           1 occurrences
theme               7 occurrences
strengthening       9 occurrences
billing             3 occurrences
benign              2 occurrences
pressuring          6 occurrences
accommodate         13 occurrences
roseville           1 occurrences
detroit             68 occurrences
suburb              5 occurrences
slips               2 occurrences
offsite             2 occurrences
bible               6 occurrences
dearborn            9 occurrences
jumu                1 occurrences
feature             10 occurrences
lecturers           1 occurrences
assemblies          1 occurrences
referenced          5 occurrences
veered              2 occurrences
contextmohebi       1 occurrences
antiislamophobia    1 occurrences
mauro               2 occurrences
clarion             3 occurrences
importuned          1 occurrences
sdpd                1 occurrences
confer              2 occurrences
credits             25 occurrences
monitor             20 occurrences
vouch               3 occurrences
clarifications      2 occurrences
sessioncair         1 occurrences
incursion           1 occurrences
limandri            3 occurrences
fcdf                2 occurrences
realignment         1 occurrences
curricula           2 occurrences
enhance             7 occurrences
secular             9 occurrences
propagation         1 occurrences
concepts            2 occurrences
pitfalls            2 occurrences
construed           1 occurrences
cautions            1 occurrences
impinging           1 occurrences
protectionscitizens 1 occurrences
islamicfriendly     1 occurrences
sharia              38 occurrences
incompatible        3 occurrences
blatant             6 occurrences
aheaddisturbing     1 occurrences
fuss                2 occurrences
sickened            1 occurrences
therefeinstein      1 occurrences
apologythe          1 occurrences
expresses           4 occurrences
msm                 4 occurrences
comedians           3 occurrences
forgot              5 occurrences
embarrases          1 occurrences
gorsuchsenator      1 occurrences
dianne              3 occurrences
gorsuch             21 occurrences
homework            3 occurrences
understandable      2 occurrences
scotus              4 occurrences
backfiring          1 occurrences
accidentally        5 occurrences
universal           14 occurrences
distributing        9 occurrences
midst               4 occurrences
electionbarack      1 occurrences
intercepted         10 occurrences
figuresthe          2 occurrences
clearest            2 occurrences
disseminated        1 occurrences
loosened            2 occurrences
affirmed            4 occurrences
orderthe            2 occurrences
warrantless         4 occurrences
searches            9 occurrences
electionread        2 occurrences
callerthe           1 occurrences
lawyerdear          1 occurrences
whitehousei         1 occurrences
commends            1 occurrences
significance        4 occurrences
wellrecognized      1 occurrences
separation          4 occurrences
occur               12 occurrences
customarily         1 occurrences
stake               6 occurrences
sessionin           1 occurrences
testifyagain        1 occurrences
importance          16 occurrences
securityplease      1 occurrences
sincerelykathryn    1 occurrences
llpsusan            1 occurrences
vargas              8 occurrences
checkvargas         1 occurrences
framing             3 occurrences
realityhe           1 occurrences
undocumented        57 occurrences
illegalvargas       1 occurrences
pause               8 occurrences
stutters            1 occurrences
smuglytucker        1 occurrences
fires               21 occurrences
merely              22 occurrences
replies             3 occurrences
quoteunquote        1 occurrences
aptly               3 occurrences
jumps               3 occurrences
pretend             7 occurrences
flustered           1 occurrences
tries               19 occurrences
belittle            2 occurrences
interrupts          2 occurrences
overstating         1 occurrences
liquor              2 occurrences
nonsense            14 occurrences
carlsonvia          1 occurrences
hypocrite           1 occurrences
cubans              29 occurrences
marching            4 occurrences
hypocrites          4 occurrences
praise              8 occurrences
llorente            9 occurrences
proamerican         4 occurrences
dissident           3 occurrences
throngs             2 occurrences
awaythe             2 occurrences
governmentvideo     1 occurrences
likeness            1 occurrences
ernesto             2 occurrences
che                 9 occurrences
guevara             12 occurrences
plaza               8 occurrences
antigovernment      5 occurrences
sidelines           2 occurrences
restrained          3 occurrences
attendancethe       1 occurrences
miamibased          1 occurrences
mart                10 occurrences
noticias            1 occurrences
freelance           2 occurrences
cab                 2 occurrences
belong              9 occurrences
congregations       1 occurrences
ship                16 occurrences
adonia              1 occurrences
greeted             5 occurrences
slogan              7 occurrences
rabble              1 occurrences
berate              1 occurrences
epithets            1 occurrences
freedomread         1 occurrences
nervously           2 occurrences
giggled             1 occurrences
skip                6 occurrences
elephant            10 occurrences
redirecting         1 occurrences
skipped             1 occurrences
fundingwhy          1 occurrences
theatrics           1 occurrences
anywayis            1 occurrences
nih                 7 occurrences
institutes          4 occurrences
wasteful            7 occurrences
shrimp              1 occurrences
treadmill           1 occurrences
monkeys             3 occurrences
experiments         5 occurrences
wastefulthe         1 occurrences
thiswhy             1 occurrences
appease             2 occurrences
democratsplease     1 occurrences
videothis           1 occurrences
dennard             6 occurrences
nails               7 occurrences
begala              3 occurrences
trash               8 occurrences
gergen              1 occurrences
pundits             8 occurrences
msnbcstrategist     1 occurrences
davidgergen         1 occurrences
clashes             4 occurrences
parisdennard        1 occurrences
downhttpstcopwncweoyzx1 occurrences
midget              1 occurrences
baby                20 occurrences
dennardthe          1 occurrences
hissy               2 occurrences
outreach            16 occurrences
guest               16 occurrences
oped                4 occurrences
columnist           10 occurrences
visibly             2 occurrences
commentator         7 occurrences
malpractice         2 occurrences
showread            1 occurrences
newsbusters         1 occurrences
orleans             22 occurrences
evasive             2 occurrences
themwho             1 occurrences
thishere            2 occurrences
latestnew           1 occurrences
landrieu            10 occurrences
confederateera      1 occurrences
pgt                 3 occurrences
beauregardthe       1 occurrences
tyronne             1 occurrences
widelyknown         1 occurrences
cityowned           3 occurrences
warehouse           4 occurrences
superdome           1 occurrences
kurt                3 occurrences
buchert             2 occurrences
circle              13 occurrences
promonument         1 occurrences
museum              11 occurrences
vague               11 occurrences
clancy              1 occurrences
dubos               2 occurrences
removedhe           1 occurrences
sooner              3 occurrences
sends               9 occurrences
unequivocal         1 occurrences
celebrates          2 occurrences
retaliation         16 occurrences
reconcile           3 occurrences
tolerancenew        1 occurrences
unique              14 occurrences
mnuchinthree        1 occurrences
belowrepeal         1 occurrences
taxreduce           1 occurrences
cap                 15 occurrences
doubles             4 occurrences
deduction           3 occurrences
nat                 1 occurrences
videotax            2 occurrences
cbsnews             2 occurrences
smallsized          2 occurrences
treasurey           1 occurrences
donothing           1 occurrences
thisfunding         1 occurrences
quadruples          4 occurrences
visas               59 occurrences
locking             5 occurrences
achievement         9 occurrences
sellout             3 occurrences
masquerading        3 occurrences
billtoo             2 occurrences
omnibus             49 occurrences
dacathough          2 occurrences
churn               2 occurrences
minorsspecifically  2 occurrences
entitlement         9 occurrences
youth               25 occurrences
borderin            2 occurrences
shoes               7 occurrences
dreamer             3 occurrences
solutions           15 occurrences
citiesfive          2 occurrences
steinle             20 occurrences
daylight            6 occurrences
fivetime            2 occurrences
lawless             18 occurrences
provision           35 occurrences
jurisdictionsin     2 occurrences
programsdespite     2 occurrences
babin               9 occurrences
rtxto               2 occurrences
oversees            8 occurrences
admissionsryan      2 occurrences
halting             6 occurrences
similarly           11 occurrences
purse               4 occurrences
exploited           11 occurrences
yearsalthough       2 occurrences
fianc               3 occurrences
jihadistprone       2 occurrences
regions             11 occurrences
shelby              5 occurrences
autopilot           3 occurrences
resettlementon      2 occurrences
titled              16 occurrences
entrant             2 occurrences
alienssenior        2 occurrences
jeh                 20 occurrences
expenditure         5 occurrences
refuse              23 occurrences
repatriate          3 occurrences
visasdespite        2 occurrences
tucked              4 occurrences
resuscitate         2 occurrences
schumerrubio        2 occurrences
programthe          3 occurrences
quadruple           3 occurrences
unskilled           7 occurrences
ian                 7 occurrences
smith               52 occurrences
disabled            18 occurrences
firstgeneration     3 occurrences
explainsa           2 occurrences
expos               2 occurrences
aliensryan          2 occurrences
preserves           2 occurrences
expiring            4 occurrences
accompanying        7 occurrences
locksin             2 occurrences
increasesthe        2 occurrences
obamaboehner        2 occurrences
caps                6 occurrences
nondefense          2 occurrences
doublelayer         6 occurrences
peoplenearly        2 occurrences
gutted              3 occurrences
heightened          5 occurrences
barrier             6 occurrences
fencea              2 occurrences
midnight            7 occurrences
ryanpelosi          2 occurrences
peopleyet           2 occurrences
purview             4 occurrences
contenders          4 occurrences
agendawhat          2 occurrences
discouraging        2 occurrences
caucus              26 occurrences
permanently         17 occurrences
locks               4 occurrences
irreversible        6 occurrences
prioritize          5 occurrences
corporatists        2 occurrences
ingraham            2 occurrences
preisdent           1 occurrences
ryanyes             1 occurrences
wayborder           1 occurrences
ranchers            25 occurrences
wallfred            1 occurrences
ladd                1 occurrences
borderreport        1 occurrences
taxpayersthis       1 occurrences
levelthe            1 occurrences
collections         3 occurrences
aboveground         1 occurrences
underground         6 occurrences
economythose        1 occurrences
unemployed          14 occurrences
workerskey          1 occurrences
findingsillegal     1 occurrences
absorbed            4 occurrences
governmentsthe      1 occurrences
outlay              1 occurrences
nativeheaded        1 occurrences
varies              4 occurrences
localityeducation   1 occurrences
tag                 5 occurrences
governmentsat       1 occurrences
onethird            6 occurrences
outlays             1 occurrences
matched             3 occurrences
aliensat            2 occurrences
recouped            1 occurrences
aliensmost          1 occurrences
revenues            5 occurrences
refunded            2 occurrences
returnsmany         1 occurrences
treasurywith        1 occurrences
deficit             16 occurrences
policymakers        5 occurrences
coststhe            2 occurrences
examines            1 occurrences
marginally          2 occurrences
jeopardize          5 occurrences
shaky               1 occurrences
systeman            1 occurrences
accentuation        1 occurrences
burdenread          1 occurrences
jobhow              1 occurrences
orrick              5 occurrences
thinghe             1 occurrences
parenthood          53 occurrences
videosa             1 occurrences
restraining         3 occurrences
abortion            38 occurrences
organs              4 occurrences
harvested           2 occurrences
aborted             2 occurrences
childrenjudge       1 occurrences
federationorrick    1 occurrences
hardline            3 occurrences
bundler             1 occurrences
federalistbrilliant 1 occurrences
twitterthe          2 occurrences
lawcalifornia       1 occurrences
authoritiesus       1 occurrences
scopesan            1 occurrences
clara               3 occurrences
fundingbut          1 occurrences
readler             1 occurrences
grantssome          1 occurrences
shockingjudge       1 occurrences
plain               7 occurrences
meaningful          5 occurrences
chooses             7 occurrences
disapproves         1 occurrences
durbin              3 occurrences
roe                 1 occurrences
wade                3 occurrences
oops                6 occurrences
durbinnancy         1 occurrences
proactive           8 occurrences
securing            12 occurrences
aya                 4 occurrences
hijazi              9 occurrences
egypt               20 occurrences
aidesthey           1 occurrences
egyptian            15 occurrences
abdel               5 occurrences
fatah               1 occurrences
alsissi             1 occurrences
mohamed             14 occurrences
hassanein           2 occurrences
washingtonthe       3 occurrences
unsuccessfully      4 occurrences
sissi               2 occurrences
reset               3 occurrences
embracing           6 occurrences
autocrat            2 occurrences
backing             18 occurrences
posture             3 occurrences
othersvideo         1 occurrences
codefendants        4 occurrences
acquittalvideo      1 occurrences
acquittal           1 occurrences
mai                 1 occurrences
elsadany            1 occurrences
maitelsadany        1 occurrences
cofounded           1 occurrences
belady              1 occurrences
graduating          4 occurrences
mason               5 occurrences
cairobased          1 occurrences
ngo                 1 occurrences
counseling          6 occurrences
abandoned           10 occurrences
childrenin          1 occurrences
volunteers          12 occurrences
physically          12 occurrences
sexually            17 occurrences
pretrial            3 occurrences
sincethroughout     1 occurrences
adjourned           1 occurrences
verdict             13 occurrences
abul                1 occurrences
fattah              2 occurrences
elsisi              2 occurrences
washingtonread      2 occurrences
pbs                 3 occurrences
lighthearted        1 occurrences
leftrob             1 occurrences
gronkowksi          1 occurrences
popped              2 occurrences
mild                2 occurrences
gronkowski          1 occurrences
mischief            1 occurrences
buildingit          1 occurrences
shockright          1 occurrences
jay                 7 occurrences
carney              4 occurrences
rosen               9 occurrences
stumbled            5 occurrences
sebelius            1 occurrences
lame                7 occurrences
trueshouldn         1 occurrences
enabling            6 occurrences
addictlas           1 occurrences
heroin              2 occurrences
hiv                 3 occurrences
needlesbut          1 occurrences
syringe             1 occurrences
accessible          11 occurrences
tracb               2 occurrences
centerand           1 occurrences
vend                1 occurrences
colorfully          1 occurrences
giftwrapped         1 occurrences
chelsi              1 occurrences
cheatom             1 occurrences
affiliate           8 occurrences
ksnv                1 occurrences
behaviors           6 occurrences
nares               1 occurrences
install             9 occurrences
locations           19 occurrences
syringes            2 occurrences
alcohol             10 occurrences
wipes               1 occurrences
sex                 49 occurrences
sharps              1 occurrences
disposal            3 occurrences
needles             1 occurrences
proven              24 occurrences
limiting            8 occurrences
transmission        2 occurrences
iser                1 occurrences
wednesdaynevada     1 occurrences
machine             18 occurrences
australiain         1 occurrences
harmreduction       1 occurrences
installed           7 occurrences
pipe                1 occurrences
vancouver           3 occurrences
quarterread         1 occurrences
uniformed           15 occurrences
intrusion           4 occurrences
tran                1 occurrences
wandered            3 occurrences
doorsalarm          1 occurrences
jumper              3 occurrences
fencejumping        2 occurrences
incidents           18 occurrences
ironically          5 occurrences
intrusionone        2 occurrences
superiors           2 occurrences
replacedthere       2 occurrences
supervisors         11 occurrences
protective          7 occurrences
jocc                2 occurrences
complexsome         2 occurrences
scaled              3 occurrences
offrep              2 occurrences
chaffetz            14 occurrences
weighs              4 occurrences
lingered            3 occurrences
unnoticed           4 occurrences
blaring             2 occurrences
cluecongressman     2 occurrences
tmz                 5 occurrences
darting             2 occurrences
lingering           2 occurrences
bend                4 occurrences
shoesthe            2 occurrences
peered              2 occurrences
jiggled             2 occurrences
doorknobchaffetz    2 occurrences
detectedsecret      2 occurrences
urgency             8 occurrences
frequently          12 occurrences
inadequate          6 occurrences
responseand         2 occurrences
lackadaisical       2 occurrences
easter              16 occurrences
egg                 13 occurrences
scretary            1 occurrences
bunny               10 occurrences
tradition           24 occurrences
costume             2 occurrences
rollwhile           1 occurrences
longestablished     1 occurrences
custom              3 occurrences
rolling             10 occurrences
practically         5 occurrences
rite                2 occurrences
observe             4 occurrences
timehonored         1 occurrences
rutherford          1 occurrences
todayhere           1 occurrences
memorable           5 occurrences
soughtafter         1 occurrences
ticket              18 occurrences
historians          2 occurrences
dolley              1 occurrences
madison             6 occurrences
amusement           5 occurrences
castiron            1 occurrences
dome                3 occurrences
baskets             2 occurrences
dyed                1 occurrences
holiday             39 occurrences
sport               1 occurrences
racing              3 occurrences
hardcooked          1 occurrences
turf                1 occurrences
playground          2 occurrences
inclement           2 occurrences
occurring           9 occurrences
rollers             1 occurrences
lucy                1 occurrences
thereafter          5 occurrences
notable             5 occurrences
exceptions          5 occurrences
celebration         12 occurrences
toss                4 occurrences
croquet             1 occurrences
underwent           3 occurrences
renovations         1 occurrences
hiatus              1 occurrences
dwight              9 occurrences
eisenhower          10 occurrences
eggstravaganza      1 occurrences
hoppin              1 occurrences
ursula              1 occurrences
meese               2 occurrences
edwin               2 occurrences
seasons             1 occurrences
nickname            2 occurrences
meester             1 occurrences
unofficial          3 occurrences
fleece              2 occurrences
traded              4 occurrences
ears                3 occurrences
furrytailed         1 occurrences
spoon               2 occurrences
tasked              9 occurrences
silverware          2 occurrences
eggrolling          1 occurrences
spoons              1 occurrences
markedoff           1 occurrences
circus              3 occurrences
threering           1 occurrences
menagerie           1 occurrences
steer               8 occurrences
ronald              9 occurrences
superstar           1 occurrences
performances        2 occurrences
pits                2 occurrences
balloons            1 occurrences
macy                3 occurrences
thanksgiving        8 occurrences
floating            1 occurrences
reagans             1 occurrences
wooden              2 occurrences
widelyrecognized    1 occurrences
athletes            2 occurrences
imprinted           1 occurrences
signatures          6 occurrences
memento             1 occurrences
hottest             2 occurrences
tickets             7 occurrences
bunnywhat           1 occurrences
guyvia              1 occurrences
pockets             12 occurrences
tons                21 occurrences
stayer              1 occurrences
posesta             1 occurrences
seiu                3 occurrences
dahman              3 occurrences
dominating          1 occurrences
shutting            12 occurrences
halls               4 occurrences
recipe              5 occurrences
unamerican          3 occurrences
jackasses           2 occurrences
republicansthe      2 occurrences
beyondthe           1 occurrences
hub                 14 occurrences
raucous             2 occurrences
amplify             2 occurrences
amplifying          1 occurrences
organic             3 occurrences
advertising         5 occurrences
waiver              7 occurrences
offline             2 occurrences
urges               4 occurrences
resistancenearmeorg 1 occurrences
relaunched          1 occurrences
conjunction         4 occurrences
teamed              6 occurrences
indivisible         1 occurrences
guide               10 occurrences
organize            8 occurrences
districtsdahman     1 occurrences
organizing          12 occurrences
demonstrations      7 occurrences
missourithe         1 occurrences
youthled            1 occurrences
fleischman          1 occurrences
jeffrey             13 occurrences
dugas               1 occurrences
howard              12 occurrences
deanthe             1 occurrences
acknowledges        4 occurrences
nextgen             1 occurrences
steyerin            1 occurrences
billvia             2 occurrences
passive             2 occurrences
statescns           1 occurrences
laos                1 occurrences
reward              9 occurrences
fifth               31 occurrences
testobama           1 occurrences
disturbed           3 occurrences
flouting            1 occurrences
defensive           6 occurrences
thadd               1 occurrences
alliesnorth         1 occurrences
upped               1 occurrences
warmongering        1 occurrences
menacing            2 occurrences
boasts              3 occurrences
ravage              3 occurrences
warthe              1 occurrences
pulverize           1 occurrences
bases               8 occurrences
drills              1 occurrences
peninsula           7 occurrences
carrier             10 occurrences
steaming            2 occurrences
regionit            1 occurrences
ruthlessly          2 occurrences
troublemaking       1 occurrences
thermonuclear       1 occurrences
warpyongyang        1 occurrences
ryol                1 occurrences
cycle               10 occurrences
provoking           3 occurrences
fitin               1 occurrences
willingness         13 occurrences
strikes             27 occurrences
afghanistanin       2 occurrences
heighten            2 occurrences
peninsulapence      1 occurrences
hwang               1 occurrences
kyoahn              1 occurrences
consult             4 occurrences
previewing          1 occurrences
trippence           1 occurrences
contingency         3 occurrences
coincide            6 occurrences
develop             24 occurrences
saidus              2 occurrences
prospect            8 occurrences
casualties          3 occurrences
countrieschina      2 occurrences
wang                3 occurrences
beijing             5 occurrences
underscored         1 occurrences
sarin               3 occurrences
gascia              1 occurrences
nucleartipped       2 occurrences
technical           17 occurrences
knowhow             2 occurrences
testexperts         1 occurrences
deliverable         2 occurrences
longrange           6 occurrences
missilesbut         1 occurrences
viable              6 occurrences
presidentaerial     1 occurrences
punggyeri           1 occurrences
testand             1 occurrences
maneuvers           3 occurrences
dprk                1 occurrences
deterrent           2 occurrences
echoed              10 occurrences
merciless           1 occurrences
retaliatory         1 occurrences
actionpyongyang     1 occurrences
anytimefor          1 occurrences
lois                18 occurrences
lerner              39 occurrences
classaction         5 occurrences
sealed              3 occurrences
reportedformer      1 occurrences
tea                 32 occurrences
partytargeting      1 occurrences
targetedmr          1 occurrences
holly               2 occurrences
paz                 2 occurrences
publicthe           3 occurrences
mss                 1 occurrences
dissemination       2 occurrences
barretthouse        1 occurrences
cool                9 occurrences
cucumber            2 occurrences
conservativeswell   2 occurrences
viewswell           3 occurrences
snippets            4 occurrences
powerfrom           3 occurrences
hilllois            3 occurrences
secede              4 occurrences
disparaged          5 occurrences
pathetic            9 occurrences
sets                25 occurrences
likethe             4 occurrences
crazies             3 occurrences
holes               7 occurrences
ladies              5 occurrences
gentlemen           5 occurrences
unethical           11 occurrences
vengefulso          3 occurrences
oligarchyvia        3 occurrences
talent              4 occurrences
penny               6 occurrences
speaka              1 occurrences
hometown            10 occurrences
brokethat           1 occurrences
whopper             1 occurrences
donate              18 occurrences
fee                 20 occurrences
universityvalerie   1 occurrences
agreeing            4 occurrences
tuesdaypresident    1 occurrences
confidante          4 occurrences
commencement        4 occurrences
northeastern        6 occurrences
hefty               4 occurrences
spring              28 occurrences
unpaid              4 occurrences
furlough            1 occurrences
woes                4 occurrences
debatethe           1 occurrences
suntimes            1 occurrences
keenly              2 occurrences
brundage            1 occurrences
helldobler          1 occurrences
graduates           7 occurrences
neiu                2 occurrences
amused              1 occurrences
surviveread         1 occurrences
voterstucker        1 occurrences
discriminated       3 occurrences
nelva               1 occurrences
gonzales            4 occurrences
ramos               10 occurrences
circuit             34 occurrences
lawbut              2 occurrences
reexamine           2 occurrences
declaration         20 occurrences
swearing            1 occurrences
drawing             11 occurrences
conclusionthe       1 occurrences
reportedafter       2 occurrences
smoking             11 occurrences
departures          2 occurrences
fasttracking        1 occurrences
unduly              1 occurrences
rationales          1 occurrences
passing             17 occurrences
infirm              2 occurrences
scales              2 occurrences
discriminatory      7 occurrences
motivating          1 occurrences
factors             7 occurrences
addedthe            4 occurrences
handgun             4 occurrences
passport            17 occurrences
stateissued         1 occurrences
carddemocrats       1 occurrences
procedural          7 occurrences
norms               3 occurrences
classifying         2 occurrences
bypassing           3 occurrences
greg                11 occurrences
abbott              22 occurrences
strengthens         1 occurrences
electionsfrom       1 occurrences
timesthey           2 occurrences
manipulating        3 occurrences
thwart              4 occurrences
legislator          3 occurrences
blacks              16 occurrences
hispanicstexas      1 occurrences
againfox            1 occurrences
reportedrepublican  1 occurrences
ken                 5 occurrences
paxton              2 occurrences
deputies            9 occurrences
brantley            1 occurrences
starr               5 occurrences
preclearance        1 occurrences
bumped              2 occurrences
involuntarily       3 occurrences
numbersairlines     1 occurrences
overbooked          5 occurrences
flights             16 occurrences
passenger           20 occurrences
knowif              1 occurrences
flown               11 occurrences
overbook            3 occurrences
seatin              1 occurrences
surein              1 occurrences
airline             11 occurrences
booked              2 occurrences
doflying            1 occurrences
outa                2 occurrences
forcibly            7 occurrences
voluntarily         8 occurrences
seatfellow          1 occurrences
jarring             1 occurrences
customer            7 occurrences
audra               1 occurrences
tyler               4 occurrences
incidentunited      1 occurrences
tylerbridges        1 occurrences
angleunited         1 occurrences
jayse               1 occurrences
anspach             2 occurrences
jaysedavid          1 occurrences
courierjournal      1 occurrences
randomly            4 occurrences
planethe            1 occurrences
carriage            1 occurrences
lays                4 occurrences
cite                6 occurrences
seated              3 occurrences
flightsvia          1 occurrences
russiatillerson     1 occurrences
uswashington        1 occurrences
russianoperated     1 occurrences
drone               18 occurrences
rushing             3 occurrences
treatmenthours      1 occurrences
russianmade         1 occurrences
jet                 9 occurrences
bombed              6 occurrences
weaponsuntil        1 occurrences
hospitalthe         3 occurrences
justic              1 occurrences
scalianow           1 occurrences
policygorsuch       1 occurrences
roberts             28 occurrences
daughters           21 occurrences
administer          3 occurrences
oathgorsuch         1 occurrences
antonin             23 occurrences
favorably           4 occurrences
originalist         1 occurrences
courtgorsuch        1 occurrences
terse               1 occurrences
trigger             11 occurrences
threshold           7 occurrences
nomineesjustice     1 occurrences
garden              8 occurrences
thanked             3 occurrences
entrusting          1 occurrences
humbled             2 occurrences
faithful            4 occurrences
bombardment         1 occurrences
homs                4 occurrences
riskthe             2 occurrences
warships            5 occurrences
jongungordon        1 occurrences
chang               1 occurrences
showdown            5 occurrences
emailed             7 occurrences
newsbreaking        1 occurrences
ocean               6 occurrences
programearlier      1 occurrences
liquidfueled        1 occurrences
scud                1 occurrences
fraction            4 occurrences
rangethe            1 occurrences
vinson              1 occurrences
worrisome           4 occurrences
behaviorthe         1 occurrences
reutersin           1 occurrences
sail                1 occurrences
destination         8 occurrences
vessels             6 occurrences
visits              13 occurrences
australia           14 occurrences
addedthis           2 occurrences
celebrated          10 occurrences
belowwatch          1 occurrences
slowmotion          3 occurrences
vivelafrance        1 occurrences
vivelafra           1 occurrences
commies             1 occurrences
cpac                1 occurrences
speechthe           3 occurrences
leopold             3 occurrences
locatedthe          1 occurrences
oip                 3 occurrences
crossreference      4 occurrences
requester           2 occurrences
certainty           2 occurrences
crossreferences     1 occurrences
locates             2 occurrences
identifiable        8 occurrences
readshowever        1 occurrences
contend             3 occurrences
wrap                6 occurrences
admiral             3 occurrences
grigorovich         2 occurrences
frigate             2 occurrences
selfdefence         2 occurrences
dock                3 occurrences
mediterranean       4 occurrences
uss                 10 occurrences
porter              4 occurrences
tomahawk            2 occurrences
alshayrat           2 occurrences
bret                4 occurrences
baier               3 occurrences
midair              2 occurrences
khan                31 occurrences
sheikhoun           2 occurrences
rebelheld           2 occurrences
branded             7 occurrences
naively             3 occurrences
idlib               2 occurrences
urgent              13 occurrences
nikkihaley          2 occurrences
pictwittercomasnvxtzmuz2 occurrences
jeanmarc            2 occurrences
ayrault             2 occurrences
sigmar              2 occurrences
gabriel             4 occurrences
escalation          4 occurrences
hypocrisy           3 occurrences
allhud              1 occurrences
downplaying         6 occurrences
severity            3 occurrences
errors              5 occurrences
afr                 1 occurrences
reissue             2 occurrences
consolidated        6 occurrences
integral            2 occurrences
billionfraud        1 occurrences
mismanagement       9 occurrences
rampantthe          1 occurrences
unresolved          3 occurrences
opinionthese        1 occurrences
relate              3 occurrences
cumulative          1 occurrences
firstin             1 occurrences
firstout            1 occurrences
budgetary           6 occurrences
accounting          7 occurrences
disbursing          1 occurrences
pooled              1 occurrences
ginnie              1 occurrences
mae                 7 occurrences
standalone          1 occurrences
liabilities         6 occurrences
differences         16 occurrences
subledger           1 occurrences
ledger              1 occurrences
accountsthis        1 occurrences
weaknesses          2 occurrences
deficiencies        1 occurrences
noncompliance       2 occurrences
regulationscould    1 occurrences
somethingobama      1 occurrences
frm                 1 occurrences
fannie              10 occurrences
freddie             17 occurrences
fridayfeeling       1 occurrences
marksteynonline     1 occurrences
keane               2 occurrences
setback             1 occurrences
basharal            1 occurrences
airstrikes          19 occurrences
intervention        13 occurrences
syriamark           1 occurrences
nailed              2 occurrences
cautious            2 occurrences
notorious           11 occurrences
debacle             3 occurrences
gaddafi             2 occurrences
costfree            1 occurrences
vacuum              10 occurrences
destabilized        1 occurrences
regards             10 occurrences
weaponization       1 occurrences
banana              2 occurrences
rhodes              13 occurrences
kahl                2 occurrences
maoists             2 occurrences
populist            14 occurrences
europesoros         1 occurrences
nonprofits          10 occurrences
showthrough         1 occurrences
worldviewpopulist   1 occurrences
worldview           2 occurrences
orban               8 occurrences
saidosf             1 occurrences
athena              1 occurrences
countering          8 occurrences
shaming             2 occurrences
populism            2 occurrences
slovakiaanother     1 occurrences
catalonia           1 occurrences
practitioners       3 occurrences
xenophobic          5 occurrences
eurosceptic         1 occurrences
osf                 21 occurrences
journalism          4 occurrences
clash               7 occurrences
worldviewa          1 occurrences
stimulate           1 occurrences
turnout             4 occurrences
ambivalent          1 occurrences
synonymous          3 occurrences
documentsanother    1 occurrences
intercultural       1 occurrences
farright            4 occurrences
enar                1 occurrences
italy               11 occurrences
netherlands         14 occurrences
formed              5 occurrences
doortodoor          1 occurrences
register            17 occurrences
nonextremist        1 occurrences
statenetherlands    1 occurrences
ppv                 4 occurrences
geert               5 occurrences
wildersosf          1 occurrences
drivers             24 occurrences
antieuropean        1 occurrences
antimigration       1 occurrences
varied              2 occurrences
wilders             7 occurrences
statedin            1 occurrences
parliamentary       5 occurrences
electionsread       1 occurrences
amb                 2 occurrences
images              10 occurrences
victimized          4 occurrences
nightly             4 occurrences
nbcnightlynews      2 occurrences
rows                2 occurrences
lifeless            1 occurrences
diapers             1 occurrences
scars               1 occurrences
gassed              2 occurrences
axios               2 occurrences
herepreisdent       1 occurrences
compelled           9 occurrences
himandrew           1 occurrences
wetumpka            3 occurrences
becky               15 occurrences
garritsonthe        1 occurrences
audits              6 occurrences
requesting          8 occurrences
taxexempt           7 occurrences
revenue             27 occurrences
database            12 occurrences
scandalincluded     1 occurrences
schiller            4 occurrences
thenacting          2 occurrences
suspending          5 occurrences
lookout             3 occurrences
bolo                6 occurrences
listseo             1 occurrences
undertaking         4 occurrences
distribution        13 occurrences
elevate             1 occurrences
issuesin            3 occurrences
labels              19 occurrences
danny               4 occurrences
werfel              1 occurrences
decisive            5 occurrences
determinations      1 occurrences
determination       11 occurrences
reflects            14 occurrences
processthe          1 occurrences
applicant           4 occurrences
restriction         2 occurrences
activitiesthis      1 occurrences
optional            3 occurrences
applicants          28 occurrences
interventionin      1 occurrences
satisfies           1 occurrences
percentages         2 occurrences
instructions        10 occurrences
representations     2 occurrences
processon           1 occurrences
kenneth             7 occurrences
corbin              2 occurrences
emphasizing         4 occurrences
classifier          1 occurrences
determines          6 occurrences
specialty           1 occurrences
conservativesounding1 occurrences
applying            15 occurrences
electionof          1 occurrences
deliberative        2 occurrences
smokinggun          1 occurrences
containing          14 occurrences
scrutinythe         1 occurrences
cincinnati          1 occurrences
shorthand           1 occurrences
educate             8 occurrences
advocacylegislative 1 occurrences
schumer             22 occurrences
blumenthal          18 occurrences
nelson              7 occurrences
yesorrin            1 occurrences
merrick             2 occurrences
garland             20 occurrences
bolton              5 occurrences
stricly             1 occurrences
slammer             1 occurrences
talkjohn            1 occurrences
motivation          1 occurrences
misuse              8 occurrences
ambjohnbolton       1 occurrences
housleyfox          1 occurrences
adamhousleys        1 occurrences
pictwittercomnowhuiidsb2 occurrences
zinke               2 occurrences
brandyburg          2 occurrences
donating            7 occurrences
parks               18 occurrences
pleasure            1 occurrences
superintendent      11 occurrences
harpers             1 occurrences
ferry               1 occurrences
saidhttpswwwyoutubecomwatchvwraljumoagovia1 occurrences
mediate             4 occurrences
adamhousley         1 occurrences
gchq                7 occurrences
hannigan            1 occurrences
agencyjudgenap      2 occurrences
spies               8 occurrences
trumpprior          1 occurrences
denials             3 occurrences
runup               3 occurrences
beforebreaking      1 occurrences
oversee             2 occurrences
usecampaign         1 occurrences
politicalaction     1 occurrences
married             21 occurrences
exerts              1 occurrences
considerable        4 occurrences
mailers             1 occurrences
slightly            5 occurrences
influenced          11 occurrences
effortmr            1 occurrences
recruited           2 occurrences
incumbent           11 occurrences
blacka              1 occurrences
customary           3 occurrences
insinuation         2 occurrences
elect               14 occurrences
thirdlargest        2 occurrences
gecker              1 occurrences
jeremy              2 occurrences
mcpike              1 occurrences
candidacythe        1 occurrences
invoke              4 occurrences
filibusters         1 occurrences
confirmationsen     1 occurrences
heidi               2 occurrences
heitkamp            2 occurrences
dnd                 1 occurrences
minchin             1 occurrences
dwva                1 occurrences
vacancy             9 occurrences
ninth               8 occurrences
pledged             20 occurrences
diligence           1 occurrences
confirmation        31 occurrences
meticulous          1 occurrences
wellrespected       1 occurrences
jurist              4 occurrences
meetthepress        1 occurrences
relates             6 occurrences
newtgingrich        1 occurrences
sundayfutures       1 occurrences
bernard             7 occurrences
pour                2 occurrences
frames              3 occurrences
nonsensical         1 occurrences
indescribable       1 occurrences
scientific          17 occurrences
hikes               4 occurrences
disbands            1 occurrences
greenhouse          7 occurrences
gases               3 occurrences
jobkilling          1 occurrences
afterwardread       1 occurrences
pitched             2 occurrences
timesdemocrats      1 occurrences
assertions          5 occurrences
emerging            7 occurrences
complicitywhite     1 occurrences
nauseam             1 occurrences
warner              5 occurrences
shiny               2 occurrences
americansleaders    1 occurrences
mounting            5 occurrences
sidethe             1 occurrences
necessarymichael    1 occurrences
preinauguration     1 occurrences
soninlaw            3 occurrences
volunteered         3 occurrences
wellvia             2 occurrences
spied               5 occurrences
mishandled          1 occurrences
backdoor            9 occurrences
gleaned             2 occurrences
learneddozens       1 occurrences
readily             5 occurrences
discernible         1 occurrences
cleared             10 occurrences
nsabased            1 occurrences
thenattorney        1 occurrences
lynchsome           1 occurrences
perceptions         1 occurrences
incoming            8 occurrences
logs                1 occurrences
consumed            2 occurrences
napolitan           1 occurrences
unexpectedly        4 occurrences
hummm               3 occurrences
judgenap            2 occurrences
teenage             5 occurrences
farbstein           1 occurrences
emailhuh            1 occurrences
groping             3 occurrences
teen                10 occurrences
didfor              1 occurrences
dallasfort          1 occurrences
goingover           1 occurrences
thoroughread        1 occurrences
wapotsa             1 occurrences
molests             1 occurrences
laguardia           3 occurrences
horriblea           2 occurrences
molested            4 occurrences
bathroom            14 occurrences
lured               4 occurrences
booth               4 occurrences
fiend               2 occurrences
assailant           3 occurrences
heavyset            2 occurrences
uniform             12 occurrences
lineup              2 occurrences
greatness           5 occurrences
smirk               2 occurrences
peach               1 occurrences
spotted             9 occurrences
swanky              2 occurrences
restaurant          20 occurrences
gorsuchpresident    1 occurrences
rethink             5 occurrences
swthe               1 occurrences
scenepolice         1 occurrences
cruiser             4 occurrences
bernards            3 occurrences
township            8 occurrences
releaseif           1 occurrences
voicemails          2 occurrences
quran               2 occurrences
wudu                1 occurrences
imams               2 occurrences
burkas              2 occurrences
hijabs              1 occurrences
jihad               25 occurrences
islamthis           2 occurrences
experienced         15 occurrences
basking             2 occurrences
ridge               4 occurrences
disproportionatelysized1 occurrences
isbr                10 occurrences
chaudry             5 occurrences
ordinanceson        1 occurrences
institutionalized   4 occurrences
voicing             4 occurrences
complied            7 occurrences
ordinancesthe       1 occurrences
arbor               5 occurrences
quash               6 occurrences
abusive             7 occurrences
westfield           1 occurrences
hrycak              1 occurrences
centerrichard       1 occurrences
thompson            6 occurrences
chill               2 occurrences
trample             2 occurrences
lori                3 occurrences
caratzola           4 occurrences
fervent             1 occurrences
objector            1 occurrences
steadfast           1 occurrences
wherein             1 occurrences
absolute            11 occurrences
exercising          7 occurrences
dared               2 occurrences
nonconforming       2 occurrences
nonparty            1 occurrences
halftruths          2 occurrences
lugo                1 occurrences
specialist          4 occurrences
zoning              8 occurrences
enshrined           1 occurrences
cody                1 occurrences
emotions            2 occurrences
merits              6 occurrences
resorted            2 occurrences
exercised           3 occurrences
astonishingly       1 occurrences
dismissive          2 occurrences
sadlowski           1 occurrences
russianus           3 occurrences
context             9 occurrences
atmosphere          8 occurrences
aprilmaria          1 occurrences
zakharova           4 occurrences
ministry            15 occurrences
yearend             5 occurrences
bulletin            10 occurrences
briefingi           1 occurrences
cent                10 occurrences
devoted             8 occurrences
revived             3 occurrences
timethis            1 occurrences
sergey              4 occurrences
lavrov              6 occurrences
ryabkov             1 occurrences
analysts            13 occurrences
bilateral           6 occurrences
mastery             2 occurrences
implementing        17 occurrences
lastwe              1 occurrences
invent              2 occurrences
thisyou             1 occurrences
multilateral        4 occurrences
dialogues           3 occurrences
traditionally       9 occurrences
consultations       3 occurrences
astana              1 occurrences
formulate           2 occurrences
pragmatic           3 occurrences
timesas             1 occurrences
preparations        6 occurrences
coordination        10 occurrences
ministers           14 occurrences
format              3 occurrences
publicit            3 occurrences
packed              10 occurrences
expertsone          1 occurrences
colleaguesto        1 occurrences
minutethis          1 occurrences
minute              15 occurrences
datewe              1 occurrences
leaksit             1 occurrences
correspond          2 occurrences
countriesas         1 occurrences
quietat             1 occurrences
premature           3 occurrences
timeframesalso      1 occurrences
officebelieve       1 occurrences
informationour      1 occurrences
primarily           16 occurrences
otherread           1 occurrences
patient             7 occurrences
provisions          20 occurrences
amended             7 occurrences
restored            3 occurrences
sincere             2 occurrences
repealing           3 occurrences
discharge           9 occurrences
fog                 3 occurrences
brooksread          1 occurrences
blaze               7 occurrences
repdevinnunes       1 occurrences
thedemocrats        1 occurrences
krauthammer         1 occurrences
entitlementread     1 occurrences
babies              18 occurrences
births              4 occurrences
medicaidarkansas    1 occurrences
ranked              8 occurrences
medicaidnew         1 occurrences
hampshire           17 occurrences
smallest            2 occurrences
medicaidhowever     1 occurrences
kff                 1 occurrences
sasse               2 occurrences
interpreting        2 occurrences
constitutiongorsuch 1 occurrences
bigly               2 occurrences
ted                 37 occurrences
cruz                38 occurrences
sentedcruz          1 occurrences
comeyhearing        1 occurrences
incompetence        11 occurrences
malice              1 occurrences
jessica             10 occurrences
vaughanhere         1 occurrences
helps               13 occurrences
wheels              14 occurrences
themmeals           1 occurrences
nationwide          22 occurrences
comprised           3 occurrences
communitybased      2 occurrences
congregate          1 occurrences
homedelivered       2 occurrences
publicprivate       1 occurrences
kahala              1 occurrences
graduated           9 occurrences
obamaappointed      2 occurrences
crazier             1 occurrences
hawaiithe           1 occurrences
visitcoming         1 occurrences
unannounced         5 occurrences
mondayjust          1 occurrences
dining              3 occurrences
buzz                3 occurrences
lanikai             1 occurrences
nightpresident      1 occurrences
vows                3 occurrences
disturbingly        1 occurrences
pausing             2 occurrences
clausethe           1 occurrences
clause              6 occurrences
riskas              1 occurrences
amicus              8 occurrences
clausefirst         1 occurrences
rehashing           1 occurrences
suggestion          12 occurrences
antireligious       3 occurrences
mined               2 occurrences
intermixed          1 occurrences
subsequent          6 occurrences
considerations      3 occurrences
donnelly            2 occurrences
singles             3 occurrences
disfavor            1 occurrences
conclude            6 occurrences
absurd              4 occurrences
invariably          2 occurrences
briefs              4 occurrences
courtread           2 occurrences
aclj                7 occurrences
helen               2 occurrences
agbapuruonwu        4 occurrences
excess              5 occurrences
pretenses           1 occurrences
allege              7 occurrences
forgery             6 occurrences
reporthelen         1 occurrences
fidelis             1 occurrences
immigrated          6 occurrences
mayer               1 occurrences
daisy               1 occurrences
scholarship         5 occurrences
universitythe       1 occurrences
ride                9 occurrences
itnow               2 occurrences
videotape           2 occurrences
environmentalists   5 occurrences
carved              2 occurrences
vandalism           7 occurrences
vandalize           2 occurrences
propertywhen        1 occurrences
disclaimer          2 occurrences
daring              2 occurrences
defiance            4 occurrences
glorifying          2 occurrences
wapoeditor          1 occurrences
rancho              4 occurrences
palos               2 occurrences
verdes              2 occurrences
califthe            1 occurrences
collective          9 occurrences
snuck               3 occurrences
sixfoottall         1 occurrences
tigers              2 occurrences
cliffs              2 occurrences
overlooking         2 occurrences
digest              2 occurrences
californiain        2 occurrences
repurposing         1 occurrences
stretch             3 occurrences
gut                 3 occurrences
conceived           2 occurrences
executed            12 occurrences
busy                24 occurrences
mustafa             1 occurrences
pollution           14 occurrences
nationwidehe        1 occurrences
presidentsali       1 occurrences
insideclimate       1 occurrences
slated              4 occurrences
assumes             3 occurrences
salad               1 occurrences
flashbackfriday     1 occurrences
attorneygate        1 occurrences
reno                4 occurrences
resignations        2 occurrences
administrationin    2 occurrences
transitions         1 occurrences
holdoversit         1 occurrences
homestate           2 occurrences
senatorone          1 occurrences
generalus           1 occurrences
prosecuting         4 occurrences
territories         4 occurrences
generalvia          1 occurrences
gerritson           13 occurrences
rivetingthe         1 occurrences
themthe             6 occurrences
statusthe           1 occurrences
suitthat            1 occurrences
subjecting          2 occurrences
delays              7 occurrences
unusually           5 occurrences
delaysread          1 occurrences
wfbread             1 occurrences
samsung             4 occurrences
televisions         6 occurrences
hackingthe          1 occurrences
hacks               5 occurrences
iphones             3 occurrences
android             2 occurrences
wikileakstoday      1 occurrences
codenamed           1 occurrences
vault               2 occurrences
comprises           2 occurrences
highsecurity        1 occurrences
langley             2 occurrences
virgina             1 occurrences
follows             12 occurrences
introductory        1 occurrences
electionrecently    1 occurrences
malware             4 occurrences
trojans             2 occurrences
weaponized          4 occurrences
exploits            4 occurrences
remote              20 occurrences
possessor           1 occurrences
archive             5 occurrences
introduces          1 occurrences
products            35 occurrences
iphone              17 occurrences
microphonessince    1 occurrences
preeminence         1 occurrences
globespanning       1 occurrences
freed               12 occurrences
capacitiesby        1 occurrences
cci                 1 occurrences
thousand            11 occurrences
utilized            4 occurrences
answering           4 occurrences
duplicating         1 occurrences
capacities          1 occurrences
justifiedin         1 occurrences
urgently            1 occurrences
capabilities        8 occurrences
exceed              6 occurrences
initiate            6 occurrences
cyberweaponschina   1 occurrences
ambassadorpelosi    1 occurrences
oneonone            3 occurrences
kislyak             1 occurrences
hammill             1 occurrences
thenrussian         1 occurrences
medvedev            1 occurrences
thenspeaker         1 occurrences
amidst              1 occurrences
questionnaire       2 occurrences
extort              2 occurrences
shakedown           4 occurrences
watchhere           2 occurrences
banks               43 occurrences
extorted            2 occurrences
thirdparty          3 occurrences
redistribute        6 occurrences
razaso              1 occurrences
accounted           8 occurrences
nonvictim           1 occurrences
underlying          4 occurrences
slush               6 occurrences
overriding          3 occurrences
preferences         2 occurrences
bankrolling         2 occurrences
joy                 3 occurrences
behar               4 occurrences
hilariously         1 occurrences
antisemitism        3 occurrences
orthodox            11 occurrences
sunny               1 occurrences
holstein            4 occurrences
pin                 5 occurrences
pollack             1 occurrences
dispels             1 occurrences
resorts             1 occurrences
rabidly             1 occurrences
hags                1 occurrences
smackdown           1 occurrences
ellison             7 occurrences
dmn                 1 occurrences
parrot              1 occurrences
sisters             13 occurrences
shove               3 occurrences
presidentduring     1 occurrences
dtx                 1 occurrences
trumpellison        1 occurrences
legitimately        5 occurrences
emoluments          1 occurrences
louis               13 occurrences
farrakhan           1 occurrences
becomenot           1 occurrences
subscribe           2 occurrences
devotees            2 occurrences
atrocities          3 occurrences
fantasy             1 occurrences
officethere         1 occurrences
plethora            5 occurrences
middling            2 occurrences
flies               5 occurrences
democracymany       1 occurrences
agendasource        1 occurrences
outlawed            4 occurrences
rifles              8 occurrences
associations        9 occurrences
enthusiasts         1 occurrences
inherently          2 occurrences
upholding           6 occurrences
lawmaryland         1 occurrences
exterior            1 occurrences
features            12 occurrences
hook                19 occurrences
firearmsjudge       1 occurrences
traxler             1 occurrences
honesty             2 occurrences
lawabiding          13 occurrences
concluding          3 occurrences
lengths             2 occurrences
eviscerate          1 occurrences
demonstrates        14 occurrences
legislate           2 occurrences
bind                1 occurrences
antigun             5 occurrences
collationsources    1 occurrences
impassioned         5 occurrences
tunethe             1 occurrences
withering           2 occurrences
woefully            4 occurrences
screwed             8 occurrences
employmentrelated   1 occurrences
alarmed             5 occurrences
abet                1 occurrences
thieves             8 occurrences
coats               3 occurrences
republicanvictims   1 occurrences
employers           26 occurrences
valid               9 occurrences
probing             8 occurrences
learns              1 occurrences
doles               3 occurrences
chiefly             2 occurrences
flagged             2 occurrences
nuke                8 occurrences
radiation           6 occurrences
europein            2 occurrences
raf                 1 occurrences
mildenhall          1 occurrences
detect              9 occurrences
explosions          3 occurrences
airtracking         1 occurrences
civmilair           2 occurrences
elevated            1 occurrences
levelsmany          1 occurrences
novaya              1 occurrences
zemlya              1 occurrences
arcticsource        1 occurrences
frontrunners        1 occurrences
maralago            1 occurrences
kellogg             1 occurrences
academy             8 occurrences
caslenpresident     1 occurrences
floridabreaking     1 occurrences
gotnews             1 occurrences
nevertrumper        1 occurrences
walsh               6 occurrences
administrationwalsh 1 occurrences
behest              5 occurrences
trove               3 occurrences
katie               12 occurrences
nevertrump          3 occurrences
consultant          5 occurrences
feeding             4 occurrences
commentsource       1 occurrences
mccainrariz         1 occurrences
adversarial         1 occurrences
natural             41 occurrences
impartial           3 occurrences
taste               8 occurrences
experiencing        7 occurrences
twist               4 occurrences
wordswhile          1 occurrences
optimism            2 occurrences
itsource            1 occurrences
smashing            1 occurrences
crowding            2 occurrences
hanger              1 occurrences
congregating        1 occurrences
outsidetrump        1 occurrences
filter              1 occurrences
warm                11 occurrences
youtube             18 occurrences
sensations          1 occurrences
diamond             4 occurrences
silk                5 occurrences
crowddiamond        1 occurrences
primaries           7 occurrences
melbourne           3 occurrences
kristinn            1 occurrences
kristinnfr          1 occurrences
deplorables         1 occurrences
diamondandsilk      2 occurrences
trumprally          1 occurrences
cory                7 occurrences
livelifecorazy      1 occurrences
craig               3 occurrences
deare               1 occurrences
harshly             3 occurrences
aidesdeare          1 occurrences
criticisms          2 occurrences
offtherecord        2 occurrences
roundtable          4 occurrences
ivanka              2 occurrences
enrique             4 occurrences
pena                2 occurrences
nietodeare          1 occurrences
dean                6 occurrences
universitysource    1 occurrences
fashion             6 occurrences
designer            3 occurrences
kari                1 occurrences
lagerfield          1 occurrences
rumored             3 occurrences
dress               6 occurrences
businessthe         1 occurrences
monaco              2 occurrences
prefers             3 occurrences
separatevia         1 occurrences
sixthe              1 occurrences
handsome            1 occurrences
cute                2 occurrences
mobilize            5 occurrences
ploy                4 occurrences
leakwhite           1 occurrences
falsevia            1 occurrences
utilize             2 occurrences
slight              2 occurrences
leakmultiple        1 occurrences
bringbackflynn      1 occurrences
fullest             3 occurrences
timevia             1 occurrences
hyper               1 occurrences
dupree              1 occurrences
multitude           3 occurrences
vastly              4 occurrences
predecessorfor      1 occurrences
welcomed            9 occurrences
espn                2 occurrences
ncaa                1 occurrences
tournament          1 occurrences
bracket             2 occurrences
baracketology       3 occurrences
statementunfortunately1 occurrences
officethe           4 occurrences
obamafarewell       1 occurrences
nick                6 occurrences
stasiak             1 occurrences
iotw                3 occurrences
uninterestingtrump  1 occurrences
administrationhe    1 occurrences
freely              5 occurrences
slander             4 occurrences
ratingsin           1 occurrences
unfocused           1 occurrences
battered            2 occurrences
hourhere            1 occurrences
conferenceand       1 occurrences
journalistic        3 occurrences
tappersource        1 occurrences
poll                26 occurrences
hispanics           9 occurrences
usjust              1 occurrences
agresti             1 occurrences
checkers            1 occurrences
noncitizens         13 occurrences
inaccurate          6 occurrences
registrationa       1 occurrences
mclaughlin          1 occurrences
polled              1 occurrences
profiles            3 occurrences
presses             1 occurrences
registering         5 occurrences
votesource          1 occurrences
electionin          2 occurrences
detailrelease       1 occurrences
ciafrance           1 occurrences
wikileaksspecific   1 occurrences
tasking             1 occurrences
ump                 6 occurrences
schisms             1 occurrences
reactions           4 occurrences
sarkozy             4 occurrences
vulnerabilities     1 occurrences
ideological         4 occurrences
dominance           4 occurrences
hollande            6 occurrences
frontrunner         19 occurrences
pen                 7 occurrences
martine             1 occurrences
aubry               1 occurrences
dominique           2 occurrences
strausskhanthe      1 occurrences
advisorsthe         1 occurrences
prevailing          3 occurrences
prospects           4 occurrences
exportled           1 occurrences
resonates           1 occurrences
prospective         3 occurrences
export              10 occurrences
morethis            1 occurrences
travesty            2 occurrences
amok                2 occurrences
obamacarethe        1 occurrences
disagreement        3 occurrences
unacceptablepaul    1 occurrences
employer            19 occurrences
mandateaccording    1 occurrences
marketsource        1 occurrences
mistrust            3 occurrences
barak               2 occurrences
puzder              3 occurrences
withdrawn           3 occurrences
nomination          44 occurrences
committeepuzder     1 occurrences
withdrew            7 occurrences
exwife              2 occurrences
fierstein           1 occurrences
oprah               1 occurrences
winfrey             1 occurrences
marriagehttpswwwyoutubecomwatchvcurhgcbswocfierstein1 occurrences
concocted           1 occurrences
divorce             2 occurrences
exhusband           1 occurrences
latepuzder          1 occurrences
withdrawali         1 occurrences
andypuzder          1 occurrences
netanyahu           5 occurrences
repairing           1 occurrences
relationsit         1 occurrences
hospitality         9 occurrences
allieswatch         1 occurrences
greet               1 occurrences
arrive              18 occurrences
catherine           5 occurrences
herridge            4 occurrences
letternunes         1 occurrences
privilegethe        1 occurrences
stemming            8 occurrences
fromnunes           1 occurrences
politicsin          1 occurrences
viktor              3 occurrences
largebodied         1 occurrences
predators           2 occurrences
swimming            3 occurrences
transborder         1 occurrences
transitioning       1 occurrences
helsinki            1 occurrences
unionthe            2 occurrences
philanthropic       2 occurrences
branches            6 occurrences
footprint           4 occurrences
grantmakingthat     1 occurrences
philanthropy        3 occurrences
skills              12 occurrences
richer              3 occurrences
massively           3 occurrences
endowed             2 occurrences
redesigned          1 occurrences
perpetuitywatch     1 occurrences
outlining           1 occurrences
policyin            1 occurrences
norway              9 occurrences
notein              1 occurrences
hungarians          2 occurrences
insist              11 occurrences
serbia              4 occurrences
migrant             26 occurrences
flowon              1 occurrences
reiterated          6 occurrences
shipping            7 occurrences
containers          1 occurrences
asylum              76 occurrences
processedorban      1 occurrences
bleak               4 occurrences
casting             5 occurrences
europeans           5 occurrences
globalization       2 occurrences
naturally           5 occurrences
laughter            3 occurrences
panicked            1 occurrences
dutch               6 occurrences
movies              6 occurrences
constitutionalistjudge1 occurrences
vacated             2 occurrences
trumpbreaking       1 occurrences
pedigree            1 occurrences
oxford              3 occurrences
clerked             2 occurrences
stint               3 occurrences
justicesince        1 occurrences
denver              9 occurrences
outdoorsman         1 occurrences
fishes              1 occurrences
hunts               2 occurrences
skis                1 occurrences
heir                1 occurrences
bloc                5 occurrences
forging             2 occurrences
depth               2 occurrences
uplike              1 occurrences
reaches             4 occurrences
secondguess         1 occurrences
bowhunting          8 occurrences
bowhunter           4 occurrences
aprilmay            1 occurrences
issuein             2 occurrences
editorial           10 occurrences
skeptical           6 occurrences
bowhuntercom        1 occurrences
thinkq              1 occurrences
developer           6 occurrences
arrowsa             1 occurrences
outdoors            8 occurrences
grandfather         14 occurrences
milos               2 occurrences
zelnicek            2 occurrences
bluecollar          4 occurrences
electrician         1 occurrences
lifestyle           6 occurrences
youngsters          1 occurrences
immersed            1 occurrences
homemade            5 occurrences
stickbows           1 occurrences
bows                4 occurrences
arrows              3 occurrences
knack               1 occurrences
selftaught          1 occurrences
curve               5 occurrences
welllearned         1 occurrences
philadelphia        25 occurrences
weekends            7 occurrences
sinceq              1 occurrences
resume              10 occurrences
hunta               1 occurrences
hunting             50 occurrences
seasonal            5 occurrences
whitetail           1 occurrences
lull                1 occurrences
elk                 6 occurrences
mule                1 occurrences
deer                3 occurrences
hunted              4 occurrences
sheep               2 occurrences
caribou             2 occurrences
whitetails          1 occurrences
cabin               1 occurrences
treestands          1 occurrences
doorq               1 occurrences
archery             7 occurrences
witha               1 occurrences
mathews             2 occurrences
compounds           2 occurrences
recurves            1 occurrences
das                 1 occurrences
widows              1 occurrences
doityourself        1 occurrences
fletch              1 occurrences
shafts              1 occurrences
tuning              2 occurrences
tune                4 occurrences
arrow               6 occurrences
broadheads          2 occurrences
tweaking            2 occurrences
myselfdonaldtrumpjrbowhuntingi1 occurrences
fixedblade          1 occurrences
mechanicals         2 occurrences
broadside           1 occurrences
bounce              5 occurrences
hypodermicsq        1 occurrences
detailoriented      1 occurrences
firsta              1 occurrences
satisfied           3 occurrences
sixinch             1 occurrences
fletchings          1 occurrences
touching            2 occurrences
translates          5 occurrences
redneck             3 occurrences
passionate          9 occurrences
numberone           1 occurrences
buddy               3 occurrences
halfwayq            1 occurrences
vanessa             2 occurrences
youa                1 occurrences
mama                2 occurrences
freakishly          1 occurrences
highpowered         6 occurrences
pse                 1 occurrences
shoots              3 occurrences
filters             3 occurrences
fouryearold         1 occurrences
trout               2 occurrences
absorb              3 occurrences
benefitsq           1 occurrences
hunters             10 occurrences
bowhunt             1 occurrences
ultrabusy           1 occurrences
huntinga            2 occurrences
prioritization      2 occurrences
outdoor             5 occurrences
borni               1 occurrences
vacation            23 occurrences
fishingq            1 occurrences
yearsa              1 occurrences
anticipation        3 occurrences
adventure           2 occurrences
mountain            15 occurrences
elseq               1 occurrences
antihunting         1 occurrences
themai              1 occurrences
renounce            3 occurrences
conservation        8 occurrences
wildlife            23 occurrences
believer            2 occurrences
worldq              1 occurrences
avid                2 occurrences
golfer              1 occurrences
accomplishments     6 occurrences
introduce           7 occurrences
sounding            3 occurrences
boards              6 occurrences
himmy               1 occurrences
ear                 5 occurrences
deserves            9 occurrences
supportq            1 occurrences
campaigna           2 occurrences
capitalism          13 occurrences
groupq              1 occurrences
worka               2 occurrences
spoiled             5 occurrences
earn                15 occurrences
trustfund           1 occurrences
stylei              1 occurrences
wharton             2 occurrences
bartender           1 occurrences
workingq            1 occurrences
hunter              17 occurrences
nonhunting          1 occurrences
acquaintances       1 occurrences
proponent           4 occurrences
upland              2 occurrences
birds               4 occurrences
squeamish           1 occurrences
futureq             1 occurrences
momenta             1 occurrences
ski                 2 occurrences
diy                 1 occurrences
buddies             3 occurrences
tagged              1 occurrences
bulls               1 occurrences
backs               12 occurrences
hiking              6 occurrences
slope               4 occurrences
bugling             1 occurrences
bull                10 occurrences
hoof                1 occurrences
brush               2 occurrences
signaled            6 occurrences
cowcalling          1 occurrences
vitals              1 occurrences
luckily             2 occurrences
pack                6 occurrences
grueling            1 occurrences
raghorn             1 occurrences
intensity           2 occurrences
odds                8 occurrences
tagging             2 occurrences
bowkilled           1 occurrences
experienceby        1 occurrences
preconceived        2 occurrences
notions             5 occurrences
translate           1 occurrences
plenty              13 occurrences
bigcity             1 occurrences
bowhunters          1 occurrences
listhe              1 occurrences
transcendent        1 occurrences
passion             3 occurrences
casts               2 occurrences
capturing           1 occurrences
imagination         1 occurrences
itwe                1 occurrences
youngster           1 occurrences
ownyou              1 occurrences
usread              2 occurrences
ups                 5 occurrences
vacate              2 occurrences
resigning           3 occurrences
flashing            1 occurrences
quid                8 occurrences
undersecretary      2 occurrences
dealfbi             1 occurrences
classification      11 occurrences
contended           2 occurrences
otherwisein         1 occurrences
altusnatparkservice 1 occurrences
garnered            7 occurrences
followersclimaterelated1 occurrences
badlands            1 occurrences
sparking            2 occurrences
defying             3 occurrences
administrationyes   1 occurrences
nationsdonald       1 occurrences
criteriathe         1 occurrences
treaties            8 occurrences
changethe           2 occurrences
auditing            1 occurrences
organisations       2 occurrences
palestinian         17 occurrences
palestine           2 occurrences
liberation          3 occurrences
organisation        6 occurrences
circumvents         1 occurrences
koreafunding        1 occurrences
controlled          19 occurrences
sponsors            7 occurrences
persecution         13 occurrences
marginalised        1 occurrences
systematic          7 occurrences
rightsthe           3 occurrences
unpfa               1 occurrences
childbirth          1 occurrences
safeguarding        3 occurrences
matthewthe          1 occurrences
decreasing          2 occurrences
centearlier         1 occurrences
condemn             6 occurrences
occupied            5 occurrences
territoriesread     1 occurrences
codes               12 occurrences
sobering            2 occurrences
abcworldnews        1 occurrences
muir                1 occurrences
nightvia            1 occurrences
hoped               10 occurrences
pompeohere          1 occurrences
cotton              23 occurrences
fridaythe           3 occurrences
reconvened          1 occurrences
inaugural           12 occurrences
hallway             2 occurrences
loudly              2 occurrences
salty               3 occurrences
admonition          1 occurrences
tacked              3 occurrences
aidesschumer        1 occurrences
snapped             1 occurrences
pronoun             3 occurrences
stunnedsenator      1 occurrences
poster              7 occurrences
stain               2 occurrences
tarnished           1 occurrences
reputationthank     1 occurrences
weaselread          1 occurrences
npr                 9 occurrences
pictwittercomqmsafmmskr1 occurrences
itvnews             1 occurrences
franken             9 occurrences
enjoyed             7 occurrences
officefranken       1 occurrences
dias                1 occurrences
couch               4 occurrences
legacy              29 occurrences
chances             10 occurrences
slashing            2 occurrences
chucktodd           1 occurrences
buzzfeedben         1 occurrences
bradd               2 occurrences
jaffy               2 occurrences
braddjaffy          2 occurrences
spat                3 occurrences
uglier              1 occurrences
kick                8 occurrences
drunken             5 occurrences
fightsplease        1 occurrences
lacy                1 occurrences
clay                4 occurrences
buildingin          2 occurrences
gift                15 occurrences
compliant           2 occurrences
shipment            4 occurrences
compensate          3 occurrences
exporting           2 occurrences
reactor             5 occurrences
coolant             1 occurrences
cites               4 occurrences
foresees            2 occurrences
delivery            16 occurrences
metric              6 occurrences
formality           2 occurrences
swap                6 occurrences
compensation        15 occurrences
exported            1 occurrences
omanwhile           1 occurrences
consignment         1 occurrences
agothe              5 occurrences
vienna              8 occurrences
britain             32 occurrences
complaints          12 occurrences
reneging            1 occurrences
dealas              1 occurrences
concessions         9 occurrences
expire              6 occurrences
bent                14 occurrences
nucleaar            1 occurrences
albright            2 occurrences
weaponsgrade        2 occurrences
bombs               9 occurrences
design              10 occurrences
unexpected          3 occurrences
embattled           4 occurrences
nucleararmed        1 occurrences
produces            5 occurrences
plutonium           5 occurrences
reactors            5 occurrences
cooled              1 occurrences
fissile             1 occurrences
weaponmeanwhile     1 occurrences
demilitarizing      1 occurrences
irgc                5 occurrences
collision           3 occurrences
inconsistent        3 occurrences
curb                6 occurrences
payloadsthe         1 occurrences
frighten            4 occurrences
someday             2 occurrences
aipac               1 occurrences
salvage             1 occurrences
tpp                 23 occurrences
proess              1 occurrences
appeasing           2 occurrences
antagonizing        1 occurrences
weakness            6 occurrences
accelerating        4 occurrences
mix                 4 occurrences
usiranian           2 occurrences
volatile            2 occurrences
brigade             4 occurrences
armored             7 occurrences
bremerhaven         1 occurrences
dayslong            1 occurrences
deploying           2 occurrences
culmination         3 occurrences
heavier             1 occurrences
troop               2 occurrences
annexation          2 occurrences
crimea              3 occurrences
regionthe           3 occurrences
deployments         2 occurrences
lapse               4 occurrences
rotated             1 occurrences
stripes             4 occurrences
completedthe        1 occurrences
romania             3 occurrences
bulgaria            2 occurrences
baltics             1 occurrences
exercises           4 occurrences
upi                 1 occurrences
compromises         4 occurrences
cnnpolitics         2 occurrences
showboat            1 occurrences
jokefurthermore     1 occurrences
wyden               5 occurrences
dore                1 occurrences
collect             25 occurrences
telephone           19 occurrences
rebecca             2 occurrences
jamaican            2 occurrences
invited             16 occurrences
rsvp                2 occurrences
expectingthe        1 occurrences
xfactor             1 occurrences
runnerup            1 occurrences
fruit               11 occurrences
billie              4 occurrences
holidaythe          1 occurrences
lyrics              3 occurrences
jewish              17 occurrences
abel                1 occurrences
meeropol            1 occurrences
composed            6 occurrences
poem                3 occurrences
endemic             2 occurrences
lynching            4 occurrences
root                12 occurrences
swinging            2 occurrences
breeze              1 occurrences
poplar              1 occurrences
treesaccording      1 occurrences
onesession          1 occurrences
contractual         2 occurrences
independently       4 occurrences
tracklater          1 occurrences
album               2 occurrences
biggestselling      1 occurrences
inducted            1 occurrences
grammy              1 occurrences
fame                4 occurrences
tixs                1 occurrences
spills              1 occurrences
itdisgracejohn      1 occurrences
fightthree          1 occurrences
revealedthey        1 occurrences
disarm              5 occurrences
agenciesduring      1 occurrences
eightyear           7 occurrences
nonmilitary         1 occurrences
nonlaw              1 occurrences
militarystyle       4 occurrences
harass              3 occurrences
blockade            2 occurrences
citiesbest          1 occurrences
selfpromotioncongress1 occurrences
rigorous            3 occurrences
selfpromotional     1 occurrences
businesshere        1 occurrences
novel               2 occurrences
businessesread      1 occurrences
corsica             1 occurrences
dacha               1 occurrences
itwhen              1 occurrences
anne                7 occurrences
pete                4 occurrences
earley              7 occurrences
comrade             1 occurrences
centreville         1 occurrences
consists            5 occurrences
georgianstyle       1 occurrences
mansions            1 occurrences
cottages            1 occurrences
tennis              3 occurrences
mainly              9 occurrences
retreat             9 occurrences
activitiesthe       1 occurrences
generals            9 occurrences
docked              1 occurrences
discard             2 occurrences
wtop                1 occurrences
connor              12 occurrences
presented           18 occurrences
transgender         20 occurrences
abortionrelated     1 occurrences
religiously         1 occurrences
nondiscrimination   4 occurrences
aca                 4 occurrences
forbids             5 occurrences
termination         9 occurrences
rulespecifically    1 occurrences
finalized           5 occurrences
stereotyping        1 occurrences
pressures           3 occurrences
thwarts             1 occurrences
apa                 3 occurrences
rulemaking          3 occurrences
rfra                3 occurrences
nightread           1 occurrences
uncle               16 occurrences
sam                 12 occurrences
thursdayaccording   1 occurrences
airing              4 occurrences
grievances          7 occurrences
usthe               5 occurrences
oversightthe        1 occurrences
icon                6 occurrences
drudge              10 occurrences
drudgereportcom     1 occurrences
ddos                4 occurrences
inception           2 occurrences
routing             1 occurrences
largescale          4 occurrences
disruptions         3 occurrences
spotify             1 occurrences
netflix             2 occurrences
tumblr              1 occurrences
sitedrudge          1 occurrences
est                 4 occurrences
mocks               1 occurrences
duck                10 occurrences
cyberattack         2 occurrences
countermeasures     1 occurrences
staterun            7 occurrences
unavailable         3 occurrences
userread            1 occurrences
ibtimes             3 occurrences
expelling           2 occurrences
amusingthe          1 occurrences
amusingas           1 occurrences
titfortat           1 occurrences
embassy             25 occurrences
panacheread         1 occurrences
longwinded          1 occurrences
punish              16 occurrences
antiisrael          2 occurrences
pacifist            3 occurrences
israelduring        1 occurrences
pic                 4 occurrences
laying              6 occurrences
wreath              3 occurrences
arlington           2 occurrences
cemetery            2 occurrences
unifying            5 occurrences
barrack             1 occurrences
celebrations        7 occurrences
eagerness           2 occurrences
span                2 occurrences
dinners             2 occurrences
vicepresidentelect  1 occurrences
swearingin          2 occurrences
saluting            2 occurrences
respondersmany      1 occurrences
ticketed            1 occurrences
credentialing       1 occurrences
cemeterymake        1 occurrences
viewing             7 occurrences
areasinaugural      2 occurrences
capitolinaugural    1 occurrences
availabilitynational1 occurrences
presidentelecttrumpabsolutely1 occurrences
watchtoday          1 occurrences
makeamericagreatagainplease1 occurrences
fraser              1 occurrences
secession           1 occurrences
nicknamed           2 occurrences
calexit             1 occurrences
marinelli           1 occurrences
publicized          3 occurrences
groundwork          3 occurrences
mondayread          1 occurrences
gilliam             1 occurrences
mein                1 occurrences
kampf               1 occurrences
capitals            4 occurrences
ballots             12 occurrences
capitolunder        1 occurrences
elector             2 occurrences
certifying          1 occurrences
presidenttwo        1 occurrences
preside             2 occurrences
technically         2 occurrences
feldman             5 occurrences
upstate             8 occurrences
fish                22 occurrences
holocaust           4 occurrences
survivor            2 occurrences
elder               8 occurrences
survivors           8 occurrences
hanukkah            5 occurrences
houseirving         1 occurrences
netting             1 occurrences
unlawfully          4 occurrences
reap                2 occurrences
redeeming           1 occurrences
leahy               7 occurrences
saidfeldman         1 occurrences
induced             2 occurrences
steeply             3 occurrences
valuethe            1 occurrences
dandc               1 occurrences
probeofficials      1 occurrences
officialthe         2 occurrences
inquiry             9 occurrences
discontinue         2 occurrences
interviewhe         1 occurrences
orderread           1 occurrences
dcf                 1 occurrences
anxieties           2 occurrences
meddled             2 occurrences
rinos               1 occurrences
attribute           1 occurrences
secretaryofstate    1 occurrences
rubiopresidentelect 1 occurrences
intends             10 occurrences
exxonmobil          2 occurrences
statetillerson      1 occurrences
impressed           2 occurrences
titan               1 occurrences
nearest             4 occurrences
competitor          2 occurrences
wallace             10 occurrences
unbelievably        2 occurrences
spots               2 occurrences
citizenread         1 occurrences
manmade             7 occurrences
lindsay             1 occurrences
hawk                2 occurrences
antitrumper         1 occurrences
crushed             4 occurrences
mindthe             1 occurrences
recount             3 occurrences
legitimacy          5 occurrences
landslide           3 occurrences
heap                2 occurrences
draining            1 occurrences
manu                1 occurrences
rajuthe             1 occurrences
subcommittees       1 occurrences
subcommitteeraju    1 occurrences
electionsduring     1 occurrences
friendlier          1 occurrences
mcmullin            1 occurrences
tampering           2 occurrences
electionon          1 occurrences
malicious           2 occurrences
disrupting          2 occurrences
cybersecurity       11 occurrences
perspective         11 occurrences
covertly            2 occurrences
stages              2 occurrences
officialsthey       1 occurrences
networksin          1 occurrences
wikileaksrepublicans1 occurrences
commentdonald       1 occurrences
campaignseason      1 occurrences
cyberattacksbut     1 occurrences
somalis             7 occurrences
absurdity           2 occurrences
islandsthe          2 occurrences
nayla               2 occurrences
rush                19 occurrences
guinea              4 occurrences
cambodia            1 occurrences
australianrun       1 occurrences
nauru               1 occurrences
manus               1 occurrences
papua               2 occurrences
headache            3 occurrences
elsewherei          1 occurrences
speculate           1 occurrences
usbound             2 occurrences
costa               5 occurrences
rica                4 occurrences
comparable          5 occurrences
bargain             2 occurrences
resettled           23 occurrences
nro                 3 occurrences
regulating          4 occurrences
dioxide             13 occurrences
coalfired           2 occurrences
suedsince           1 occurrences
submits             1 occurrences
contraception       6 occurrences
endangered          6 occurrences
involvednot         1 occurrences
cadre               2 occurrences
firstinthenation    2 occurrences
federalism          3 occurrences
meansread           1 occurrences
governing           10 occurrences
maggotinfested      1 occurrences
carevietnam         1 occurrences
veteran             47 occurrences
reese               2 occurrences
peterson            5 occurrences
talihina            1 occurrences
infection           10 occurrences
sepsis              2 occurrences
lifethreatening     2 occurrences
complication        1 occurrences
failpeterson        1 occurrences
gruesome            3 occurrences
maggots             1 occurrences
succumb             1 occurrences
parasites           3 occurrences
myles               1 occurrences
deering             1 occurrences
tulsa               1 occurrences
succumbed           2 occurrences
nurses              3 occurrences
nursing             2 occurrences
shane               3 occurrences
faulkner            2 occurrences
odva                1 occurrences
savage              3 occurrences
limbaugh            6 occurrences
wikipediathe        1 occurrences
nationality         6 occurrences
hart                2 occurrences
celler              1 occurrences
abolished           2 occurrences
quota               6 occurrences
percountry          1 occurrences
numerical           1 occurrences
percountryoforigin  1 occurrences
restrictionsthe     2 occurrences
wrongly             3 occurrences
spreethe            1 occurrences
spree               5 occurrences
reformthe           1 occurrences
reconsider          3 occurrences
jobsthe             3 occurrences
exemptionread       1 occurrences
photographers       2 occurrences
combating           3 occurrences
immigrationkansas   1 occurrences
kris                3 occurrences
kobach              3 occurrences
shortlist           4 occurrences
contender           9 occurrences
beforehand          1 occurrences
clutching           1 occurrences
photographs         4 occurrences
obscurehere         1 occurrences
enlargement         2 occurrences
reintroduce         1 occurrences
nseers              1 occurrences
entryexit           1 occurrences
highrisk            9 occurrences
tracked             5 occurrences
intake              2 occurrences
deport              14 occurrences
reinstate           2 occurrences
memoranda           2 occurrences
redefine            1 occurrences
rapid               6 occurrences
forestall           1 occurrences
amendments          17 occurrences
clyde               1 occurrences
wayne               4 occurrences
manufacturing       23 occurrences
astonishing         8 occurrences
remarkable          7 occurrences
batkins             2 occurrences
rightleaning        1 occurrences
reportbatkins       1 occurrences
recentlyfinalized   1 occurrences
billionthe          2 occurrences
increasing          35 occurrences
unified             1 occurrences
booksread           1 occurrences
councilman          5 occurrences
thisdavid           1 occurrences
facebookdavid       1 occurrences
twitterwdrb         1 occurrences
reportedcleansing   1 occurrences
itper               1 occurrences
disassembled        1 occurrences
katrina             2 occurrences
helmer              1 occurrences
katrinawdrb         1 occurrences
trashing            1 occurrences
antiislamic         4 occurrences
wichita             5 occurrences
datapompeo          1 occurrences
beauregard          4 occurrences
fierce              6 occurrences
queasy              1 occurrences
tide                3 occurrences
donned              1 occurrences
trucker             1 occurrences
sprightly           2 occurrences
preachers           3 occurrences
evangelize          1 occurrences
maybetrumpers       1 occurrences
gospel              1 occurrences
sermon              1 occurrences
selfpreservation    1 occurrences
drift               2 occurrences
sensing             1 occurrences
politicofox         1 occurrences
reportedalabama     1 occurrences
aboard              8 occurrences
mogul               3 occurrences
sewed               2 occurrences
confirmedsessions   1 occurrences
bruising            1 occurrences
feb                 15 occurrences
adviserread         1 occurrences
marked              14 occurrences
edward              10 occurrences
snowden             4 occurrences
perfecttwo          1 occurrences
niceties            1 occurrences
usdi                1 occurrences
dia                 4 occurrences
mei                 1 occurrences
spoti               1 occurrences
islamism            2 occurrences
amazingthis         1 occurrences
megyn               5 occurrences
crashing            2 occurrences
hawking             1 occurrences
buyin               3 occurrences
belowwe             1 occurrences
dose                2 occurrences
karma               2 occurrences
personshe           1 occurrences
himwe               1 occurrences
rename              1 occurrences
raw                 5 occurrences
gimme               1 occurrences
insulting           3 occurrences
defy                5 occurrences
pictwittercommgryjdcdfi1 occurrences
expansively         1 occurrences
felon               6 occurrences
oftensecret         1 occurrences
integrate           5 occurrences
scare               8 occurrences
threatsthese        1 occurrences
charities           14 occurrences
votersthe           3 occurrences
timesif             2 occurrences
minnesota           46 occurrences
nebraska            4 occurrences
oregon              76 occurrences
wyoming             5 occurrences
votingplease        1 occurrences
warshere            1 occurrences
washed              1 occurrences
strip               11 occurrences
failuresduring      1 occurrences
nofly               11 occurrences
gunearnest          1 occurrences
associationbut      1 occurrences
awr                 2 occurrences
hawkins             2 occurrences
imprecise           1 occurrences
firearmsvia         1 occurrences
newsand             1 occurrences
encounter           7 occurrences
seemmargot          1 occurrences
gerster             6 occurrences
chappaqua           6 occurrences
beamed              2 occurrences
shoulders           2 occurrences
staged              5 occurrences
crabtree            1 occurrences
kittle              1 occurrences
siblings            2 occurrences
smiled              2 occurrences
beaming             2 occurrences
drivethere          1 occurrences
berger              7 occurrences
scissors            3 occurrences
papers              19 occurrences
writingnotes        1 occurrences
margins             1 occurrences
solved              7 occurrences
recordson           1 occurrences
swornin             1 occurrences
twoterabyte         1 occurrences
serverthe           2 occurrences
forwarded           4 occurrences
duplicate           4 occurrences
examining           4 occurrences
terabytes           1 occurrences
leary               2 occurrences
examined            6 occurrences
likelihood          8 occurrences
dob                 2 occurrences
ssn                 4 occurrences
authored            6 occurrences
lael                1 occurrences
brainard            1 occurrences
notify              6 occurrences
breachthe           1 occurrences
updating            1 occurrences
theftit             1 occurrences
statetheft          1 occurrences
beforethe           1 occurrences
sneaking            1 occurrences
socks               2 occurrences
stored              4 occurrences
tragically          1 occurrences
predictably         3 occurrences
rationing           4 occurrences
abetted             1 occurrences
industrycongress    1 occurrences
modify              2 occurrences
inhibits            1 occurrences
complies            3 occurrences
vendor              4 occurrences
satisfaction        3 occurrences
deduct              1 occurrences
deductions          2 occurrences
cracks              3 occurrences
hsas                3 occurrences
taxfree             3 occurrences
accumulate          1 occurrences
heirs               1 occurrences
attractive          4 occurrences
highdeductible      1 occurrences
flexibility         2 occurrences
clinics             9 occurrences
exams               1 occurrences
medicalrelated      1 occurrences
blockgrant          1 occurrences
manage              16 occurrences
overhead            3 occurrences
precious            8 occurrences
pharmaceutical      2 occurrences
consumers           16 occurrences
imported            7 occurrences
dependable          1 occurrences
ashamed             3 occurrences
unattended          5 occurrences
inner               14 occurrences
learnedconfirmation 1 occurrences
mishandling         7 occurrences
suite               4 occurrences
kirby               14 occurrences
agencydiplomatic    1 occurrences
informationhouse    1 occurrences
rcalif              4 occurrences
comeyadditionally   1 occurrences
burnstuff           1 occurrences
indiakirby          1 occurrences
bags                10 occurrences
sbu                 4 occurrences
pii                 3 occurrences
burned              16 occurrences
citation            2 occurrences
statementat         1 occurrences
securitycontrolled  1 occurrences
improperly          7 occurrences
secured             9 occurrences
assigning           3 occurrences
culpability         3 occurrences
furthermore         6 occurrences
foxnewscom          8 occurrences
backup              8 occurrences
estranged           4 occurrences
smartphone          5 occurrences
scour               1 occurrences
bare                5 occurrences
nomineethe          1 occurrences
chasing             7 occurrences
deadmetadata        1 occurrences
workrelated         8 occurrences
duplicates          2 occurrences
campaigneven        1 occurrences
matterthe           4 occurrences
yorkbased           5 occurrences
secondincommand     1 occurrences
matterthose         1 occurrences
separatingthe       1 occurrences
pornography         2 occurrences
explicit            6 occurrences
indecent            4 occurrences
teenagerin          1 occurrences
proceed             7 occurrences
themfast            1 occurrences
stunningat          1 occurrences
saidmr              2 occurrences
relevantmr          1 occurrences
julythe             1 occurrences
backandforth        3 occurrences
indirectly          5 occurrences
circlenew           1 occurrences
lawenforcement      6 occurrences
condense            1 occurrences
sprawling           3 occurrences
crosscountry        1 occurrences
casethat            1 occurrences
uninterested        1 occurrences
sharply             4 occurrences
bosses              2 occurrences
acrimonious         1 occurrences
caseit              1 occurrences
merited             1 occurrences
membermr            1 occurrences
majoritya           1 occurrences
supportivein        1 occurrences
ascended            1 occurrences
statefbi            1 occurrences
overbut             1 occurrences
clintonrelated      3 occurrences
matterearly         1 occurrences
rock                11 occurrences
ark                 1 occurrences
influencepeddling   1 occurrences
matterlos           1 occurrences
entityin            1 occurrences
presentation        10 occurrences
wellsome            1 occurrences
stern               4 occurrences
icy                 1 occurrences
weirdest            1 occurrences
participant         8 occurrences
matterjustice       1 occurrences
authorize           6 occurrences
techniques          2 occurrences
grandjury           1 occurrences
saidabout           1 occurrences
refocus             1 occurrences
rockdirector        1 occurrences
recuse              2 occurrences
campaignwithin      1 occurrences
weak                17 occurrences
authorityaccording  1 occurrences
displeasure         1 occurrences
methodsthe          1 occurrences
validly             1 occurrences
predicated          5 occurrences
instruction         5 occurrences
hadothers           1 occurrences
starker             1 occurrences
mccabeothers        1 occurrences
standdown           1 occurrences
instructionfor      1 occurrences
uneasy              1 occurrences
deepened            1 occurrences
responsein          1 occurrences
limiteduse          1 occurrences
informationsome     1 occurrences
dissatisfied        2 occurrences
prosecutorshopping  1 occurrences
furor               3 occurrences
tumultuous          1 occurrences
wsj                 5 occurrences
denise              5 occurrences
hereall             1 occurrences
hygiene             1 occurrences
licenses            17 occurrences
birth               25 occurrences
assistanceplease    1 occurrences
onafter             1 occurrences
giftdiamondandsilk  1 occurrences
cohen               2 occurrences
homeless            10 occurrences
everyones           1 occurrences
laugh               3 occurrences
thugs               5 occurrences
mack                5 occurrences
jwch                1 occurrences
skid                4 occurrences
handouts            3 occurrences
governmentdenise    1 occurrences
themdenise          1 occurrences
shouts              4 occurrences
comin               1 occurrences
sidewalk            5 occurrences
littered            1 occurrences
bones               1 occurrences
plates              4 occurrences
discarded           3 occurrences
clinic              12 occurrences
squats              1 occurrences
softly              2 occurrences
calm                11 occurrences
breathe             2 occurrences
housinghe           1 occurrences
insurancebut        1 occurrences
bone                7 occurrences
thin                3 occurrences
sweater             1 occurrences
riddled             2 occurrences
squashed            2 occurrences
drip                1 occurrences
apologetically      1 occurrences
qualify             22 occurrences
destitute           3 occurrences
subsidized          7 occurrences
survive             9 occurrences
roof                7 occurrences
precedence          3 occurrences
caring              8 occurrences
flipping            1 occurrences
emailing            3 occurrences
tensofthousands     2 occurrences
saturdaythe         3 occurrences
disgraced           2 occurrences
sexting             1 occurrences
sexuallysuggestive  1 occurrences
girlthe             1 occurrences
digits              2 occurrences
laptopthe           1 occurrences
careless            4 occurrences
criminally          2 occurrences
negligent           4 occurrences
departmentpeople    1 occurrences
pertinent           3 occurrences
newfound            2 occurrences
suggestedread       1 occurrences
belonging           5 occurrences
weinerthe           1 occurrences
numbered            1 occurrences
reigniting          1 occurrences
weighed             5 occurrences
surfaced            7 occurrences
significantdonald   1 occurrences
cheers              4 occurrences
deriding            1 occurrences
miscarriage         1 occurrences
mismanagementthese  1 occurrences
nobid               2 occurrences
stemware            1 occurrences
overruns            2 occurrences
kabul               1 occurrences
unused              1 occurrences
books               16 occurrences
polish              5 occurrences
marble              1 occurrences
brazilian           2 occurrences
planner             1 occurrences
madrid              4 occurrences
standoff            11 occurrences
dramatic            16 occurrences
savoy               1 occurrences
finicum             40 occurrences
overbearing         2 occurrences
rancher             21 occurrences
confrontation       11 occurrences
bendan              1 occurrences
commands            4 occurrences
masher              1 occurrences
norris              4 occurrences
stinging            4 occurrences
loving              9 occurrences
behindas            1 occurrences
verdicts            4 occurrences
crybabyi            1 occurrences
freddiegray         1 occurrences
oregonstandoff      2 occurrences
didnt               1 occurrences
kwame               2 occurrences
kwamerose           1 occurrences
haas                3 occurrences
ryanjhaas           1 occurrences
bundy               59 occurrences
banta               4 occurrences
shawna              1 occurrences
cox                 2 occurrences
fry                 16 occurrences
medenbach           2 occurrences
wampler             1 occurrences
jurors              2 occurrences
chargethe           2 occurrences
deliberations       3 occurrences
juror               1 occurrences
biasedthe           1 occurrences
jawdropping         2 occurrences
opb                 3 occurrences
amelia              1 occurrences
templeton           1 occurrences
ammon               15 occurrences
ostensibly          5 occurrences
acquitted           2 occurrences
marcus              4 occurrences
mumford             2 occurrences
marshals            2 occurrences
bunkerville         1 occurrences
schindler           6 occurrences
acquitting          1 occurrences
overtake            3 occurrences
courthouse          10 occurrences
detainedunited      1 occurrences
billy               10 occurrences
trial               33 occurrences
stem                9 occurrences
malheur             15 occurrences
refuge              31 occurrences
burns               26 occurrences
occupiers           24 occurrences
surrendered         6 occurrences
aroundtheclock      1 occurrences
peacefully          4 occurrences
bretzing            1 occurrences
harney              21 occurrences
propertyonly        1 occurrences
oregonian           1 occurrences
combetta            1 occurrences
guybreaking         1 occurrences
scrub               3 occurrences
applaudsthe         1 occurrences
truthobama          1 occurrences
respondedin         1 occurrences
schwerin            5 occurrences
hrc                 2 occurrences
saidclinton         2 occurrences
specialists         9 occurrences
yearthe             8 occurrences
advisory            16 occurrences
flexibilities       1 occurrences
connects            4 occurrences
cleaner             3 occurrences
healthier           4 occurrences
retention           3 occurrences
boardsread          1 occurrences
genesee             6 occurrences
mailed              4 occurrences
absentee            2 occurrences
deformities         1 occurrences
printing            4 occurrences
unreadable          1 occurrences
machinesa           1 occurrences
reprint             3 occurrences
gleason             5 occurrences
minimize            2 occurrences
snafu               1 occurrences
losestrump          1 occurrences
fodder              5 occurrences
flushing            1 occurrences
archie              1 occurrences
bailey              4 occurrences
newsletter          1 occurrences
rigged              4 occurrences
bungled             1 occurrences
blames              6 occurrences
faulty              2 occurrences
sloppy              1 occurrences
properly            23 occurrences
smudged             1 occurrences
flecked             1 occurrences
clerks              10 occurrences
municipalities      6 occurrences
bottomthe           1 occurrences
batch               7 occurrences
saidlocal           1 occurrences
corresponding       1 occurrences
originals           1 occurrences
reprinting          1 occurrences
caughtgleason       1 occurrences
commissionershe     1 occurrences
biasjudicial        1 occurrences
latina              7 occurrences
declares            4 occurrences
shockingly          2 occurrences
ethnicity           7 occurrences
judging             7 occurrences
richness            4 occurrences
experiences         12 occurrences
sotomayorhere       1 occurrences
commentsthis        1 occurrences
umpire              1 occurrences
dutifully           1 occurrences
benchsotomayor      1 occurrences
stein               1 occurrences
monologue           1 occurrences
oral                2 occurrences
reveled             1 occurrences
thrust              2 occurrences
parry               1 occurrences
proceedingsread     1 occurrences
asst                1 occurrences
endorses            1 occurrences
varney              1 occurrences
varneyco            1 occurrences
leftindiana         1 occurrences
vandalizeddelaware  1 occurrences
ind                 1 occurrences
delaware            16 occurrences
vandals             2 occurrences
weeksomeone         1 occurrences
landscaping         1 occurrences
pageofficials       1 occurrences
onlinethis          1 occurrences
dudley              1 occurrences
yorktown            1 occurrences
pleasant            2 occurrences
areadudley          1 occurrences
conversion          5 occurrences
pew                 9 occurrences
trustwhile          1 occurrences
rollselections      1 occurrences
continually         3 occurrences
sue                 22 occurrences
testimonies         2 occurrences
witnessesin         1 occurrences
lamps               1 occurrences
furnishings         1 occurrences
politifact          2 occurrences
informationaccording2 occurrences
administrationafter 1 occurrences
lockheed            1 occurrences
martin              29 occurrences
goingdirector       1 occurrences
insulted            2 occurrences
imply               3 occurrences
sas                 1 occurrences
subpoenadigenova    1 occurrences
wmal                1 occurrences
versus              6 occurrences
taxed               6 occurrences
countyhighest       1 occurrences
chicagothe          1 occurrences
impressive          6 occurrences
smartassetcom       1 occurrences
auto                11 occurrences
bridgeportwhat      1 occurrences
bridgeport          3 occurrences
statecity           1 occurrences
timehighest         1 occurrences
newarkwhat          1 occurrences
newark              8 occurrences
taxvia              1 occurrences
businessbend        1 occurrences
trumpcatherine      1 occurrences
clintonfbi          1 occurrences
docs                1 occurrences
exec                1 occurrences
pictwittercomjmnethormx1 occurrences
wwwiii              1 occurrences
whines              1 occurrences
organizer           18 occurrences
vengeful            1 occurrences
clown               3 occurrences
contemplating       3 occurrences
newscurrent         1 occurrences
wideranging         5 occurrences
clandestine         4 occurrences
leadershipthe       1 occurrences
elaborate           3 occurrences
reams               2 occurrences
unsavory            2 occurrences
putinvice           1 occurrences
moderator           1 occurrences
stavridis           1 occurrences
cynthia             1 occurrences
censor              2 occurrences
newsfull            1 occurrences
cyberstrike         1 occurrences
cynthiamcfadden     1 occurrences
zhirinovsky         2 occurrences
flamboyant          1 occurrences
fiery               4 occurrences
deescalate          3 occurrences
washingtonamericans 1 occurrences
ultranationalist    1 occurrences
compare             5 occurrences
candidateby         1 occurrences
spark               4 occurrences
prokremlin          1 occurrences
ldpr                1 occurrences
monthzhirinovsky    1 occurrences
organizationseven   1 occurrences
propensity          2 occurrences
ineffective         7 occurrences
repliedpresident    1 occurrences
calculus            2 occurrences
timehillary         1 occurrences
smokes              5 occurrences
berlin              14 occurrences
freeloaders         2 occurrences
excelsior           2 occurrences
africans            4 occurrences
guatemalans         1 occurrences
salvadorans         1 occurrences
hondurans           1 occurrences
bordermexico        1 occurrences
haitians            6 occurrences
tijuana             6 occurrences
alonethere          1 occurrences
influx              23 occurrences
rosario             1 occurrences
lozada              1 occurrences
romero              1 occurrences
disorder            5 occurrences
originate           2 occurrences
brazil              15 occurrences
easethese           1 occurrences
liberia             6 occurrences
leone               1 occurrences
reformsoros         1 occurrences
funder              1 occurrences
controlsboth        1 occurrences
implicit            5 occurrences
stone               10 occurrences
wrotestone          1 occurrences
advocated           7 occurrences
oversightread       1 occurrences
herbombshell        1 occurrences
ther                1 occurrences
idiots              4 occurrences
podestaemails       1 occurrences
pictwittercomgdfjwbqbdq1 occurrences
earthquake          5 occurrences
coffers             4 occurrences
envoy               3 occurrences
cochair             2 occurrences
interim             6 occurrences
commissionhere      1 occurrences
poorest             6 occurrences
trivia              1 occurrences
cheating            1 occurrences
answershint         1 occurrences
karl                7 occurrences
marxb               2 occurrences
adolph              1 occurrences
hitlerc             1 occurrences
stalind             2 occurrences
obamae              6 occurrences
leninb              1 occurrences
mussolinic          1 occurrences
nikita              1 occurrences
khrushevb           1 occurrences
goebbelsc           1 occurrences
boris               3 occurrences
yeltsind            1 occurrences
consensus           6 occurrences
mao                 1 occurrences
tse                 1 occurrences
dungb               1 occurrences
chavezc             1 occurrences
iid                 1 occurrences
freemarket          1 occurrences
leninc              1 occurrences
molotovd            1 occurrences
profitable          6 occurrences
pinochetb           1 occurrences
milosevicc          1 occurrences
saddam              2 occurrences
husseind            1 occurrences
tamperingburied     1 occurrences
emailsthe           1 occurrences
subordinates        1 occurrences
redactions          2 occurrences
summarize           1 occurrences
ips                 4 occurrences
straddles           1 occurrences
marylandthe         1 occurrences
connolly            2 occurrences
kendall             5 occurrences
entanglements       1 occurrences
scandals            12 occurrences
guaranty            1 occurrences
servicesin          1 occurrences
januaryapril        1 occurrences
timeframe           1 occurrences
skirting            1 occurrences
lawsread            2 occurrences
arrange             5 occurrences
violationsclinton   1 occurrences
jacqueline          3 occurrences
newmyer             5 occurrences
chelsea             16 occurrences
emailsdeal          1 occurrences
weddinghere         1 occurrences
blurb               1 occurrences
rag                 1 occurrences
wwd                 2 occurrences
shortskirted        1 occurrences
chanel              5 occurrences
crediting           1 occurrences
romeo               1 occurrences
juliet              1 occurrences
twelfth             1 occurrences
tale                3 occurrences
magical             1 occurrences
freudianlater       1 occurrences
quip                1 occurrences
sidwell             1 occurrences
wedding             10 occurrences
hers                1 occurrences
snagging            1 occurrences
phd                 1 occurrences
cambridge           4 occurrences
massgovernment      1 occurrences
cronyism            1 occurrences
partiality          1 occurrences
interestspecifically1 occurrences
impartially         1 occurrences
interestthe         1 occurrences
watchread           3 occurrences
unaccounted         3 occurrences
incomplete          1 occurrences
adequately          5 occurrences
creates             11 occurrences
statesread          2 occurrences
treaty              23 occurrences
signaling           6 occurrences
disarmament         3 occurrences
bargaining          6 occurrences
disputes            9 occurrences
syriastarting       1 occurrences
accords             2 occurrences
arsenals            2 occurrences
intact              4 occurrences
souring             1 occurrences
usrussian           2 occurrences
putinbut            1 occurrences
decree              2 occurrences
bound               8 occurrences
dispose             1 occurrences
surplus             5 occurrences
weaponsthe          3 occurrences
unfriendly          1 occurrences
cornerstone         3 occurrences
postcold            1 occurrences
usrussia            1 occurrences
linkage             1 occurrences
carries             8 occurrences
symbolismread       1 occurrences
betraying           1 occurrences
concernsto          1 occurrences
safetyjulian        1 occurrences
releasednow         1 occurrences
assangevia          1 occurrences
submission          4 occurrences
stricter            7 occurrences
clamping            1 occurrences
unvetted            4 occurrences
stateshillary       2 occurrences
unchecked           5 occurrences
brentwood           6 occurrences
toll                3 occurrences
againon             1 occurrences
nisa                1 occurrences
mickens             1 occurrences
kayla               3 occurrences
cuevas              1 occurrences
skeletal            1 occurrences
oscar               2 occurrences
miguel              3 occurrences
garciamoran         1 occurrences
psychiatric         3 occurrences
homicidesbrentwood  1 occurrences
hardscrabble        2 occurrences
murders             16 occurrences
showschool          1 occurrences
scrambling          7 occurrences
frightened          3 occurrences
anguished           1 occurrences
eveylyn             1 occurrences
funeral             22 occurrences
measuredly          1 occurrences
fractured           8 occurrences
latino              25 occurrences
residentstensions   1 occurrences
simmer              1 occurrences
census              20 occurrences
salvadorbrentwood   1 occurrences
rarely              12 occurrences
loeschner           2 occurrences
exclude             3 occurrences
screenings          3 occurrences
metal               8 occurrences
detectors           2 occurrences
entrances           1 occurrences
howeversome         1 occurrences
levi                4 occurrences
mcintyre            2 occurrences
salvadoran          3 occurrences
torn                12 occurrences
escaping            3 occurrences
abbreviation        1 occurrences
mara                2 occurrences
salvatrucha         1 occurrences
posse               1 occurrences
cliques             1 occurrences
bearing             7 occurrences
locos               1 occurrences
salvatruchas        1 occurrences
prostitution        4 occurrences
killings            4 occurrences
chavalas            1 occurrences
bloods              1 occurrences
crips               1 occurrences
saythe              4 occurrences
exacerbated         4 occurrences
roaming             2 occurrences
mayo                1 occurrences
stirred             2 occurrences
sanity              1 occurrences
begged              4 occurrences
nonissue            1 occurrences
incurred            2 occurrences
conglomeration      1 occurrences
entitiesthe         1 occurrences
woven               2 occurrences
factsthe            1 occurrences
businessesactually  1 occurrences
needthe             1 occurrences
statementread       4 occurrences
limpwristed         1 occurrences
sells               2 occurrences
technologytaxpayers 1 occurrences
disgrace            2 occurrences
governmentcontrolled1 occurrences
weekcuba            1 occurrences
radioactive         1 occurrences
russiathis          1 occurrences
cienfuegos          1 occurrences
disrupted           1 occurrences
constructionformer  1 occurrences
fidel               5 occurrences
partially           8 occurrences
constructed         2 occurrences
normalized          1 occurrences
countryread         1 occurrences
dictators           4 occurrences
domain              2 occurrences
overruling          2 occurrences
hedgein             1 occurrences
lacking             3 occurrences
steward             2 occurrences
icann               4 occurrences
politicosaturday    1 occurrences
internetwashington  1 occurrences
afp                 7 occurrences
entitythe           2 occurrences
expired             4 occurrences
assigned            16 occurrences
manages             8 occurrences
zone                23 occurrences
selfregulating      2 occurrences
stakeholders        6 occurrences
academics           4 occurrences
groupsthe           3 occurrences
decadesold          2 occurrences
worldus             1 occurrences
symbolic            4 occurrences
overseer            1 occurrences
domains             2 occurrences
createdbut          1 occurrences
controla            1 occurrences
lastditch           4 occurrences
transitionlawrence  1 occurrences
strickling          1 occurrences
functions           6 occurrences
iana                3 occurrences
saidstephen         1 occurrences
crocker             1 occurrences
protocols           4 occurrences
envisioned          1 occurrences
tireless            1 occurrences
validated           2 occurrences
multistakeholder    2 occurrences
governance          8 occurrences
illustration        5 occurrences
affirmation         1 occurrences
bottomup            1 occurrences
consensusdriven     1 occurrences
processes           8 occurrences
maneuvering         2 occurrences
insurers            16 occurrences
owes                5 occurrences
officejustice       1 occurrences
marketplaces        1 occurrences
talksthe            1 occurrences
obscure             5 occurrences
insurersread        1 occurrences
cells               3 occurrences
jails               7 occurrences
societythrough      1 occurrences
assemblywoman       4 occurrences
shirley             1 occurrences
weber               4 occurrences
dsan                1 occurrences
convicts            2 occurrences
component           4 occurrences
reentry             2 occurrences
recidivism          2 occurrences
introducedon        1 occurrences
signedsen           1 occurrences
patricia            5 occurrences
bates               2 occurrences
rlaguna             1 occurrences
niguel              1 occurrences
contest             8 occurrences
veto                23 occurrences
thisfrank           1 occurrences
gaffney             4 occurrences
impending           1 occurrences
thathe              1 occurrences
candidatelet        1 occurrences
emboldening         1 occurrences
doctrine            6 occurrences
obstructionists     2 occurrences
resolutionand       1 occurrences
drill               3 occurrences
livefire            1 occurrences
nowi                1 occurrences
figuring            1 occurrences
doneand             1 occurrences
numbering           2 occurrences
function            6 occurrences
irreversibly        1 occurrences
dominated           5 occurrences
saudis              9 occurrences
striving            4 occurrences
jam                 4 occurrences
happenread          1 occurrences
override            6 occurrences
vetoed              2 occurrences
jasta               1 occurrences
infringe            2 occurrences
presidencybut       1 occurrences
tally               3 occurrences
dnev                1 occurrences
polarized           1 occurrences
miraculous          1 occurrences
rtexas              6 occurrences
pastor              8 occurrences
hassan              14 occurrences
rouhani             16 occurrences
iranianamericans    3 occurrences
worsened            3 occurrences
modified            8 occurrences
yearpastor          1 occurrences
saeed               7 occurrences
abedini             8 occurrences
disbelief           1 occurrences
trish               1 occurrences
regan               2 occurrences
executions          6 occurrences
saidiranianamerican 1 occurrences
threeandahalf       1 occurrences
prisons             14 occurrences
issuesabedini       1 occurrences
fend                3 occurrences
disbursed           5 occurrences
commanderafter      1 occurrences
adedini             1 occurrences
tortured            11 occurrences
stomach             5 occurrences
beatings            4 occurrences
torturing           1 occurrences
abiding             7 occurrences
downtrend           2 occurrences
loose               6 occurrences
description         7 occurrences
openworksbmore      1 occurrences
cowering            1 occurrences
crimepolice         1 occurrences
wbal                1 occurrences
herring             1 occurrences
vanessawbal         1 occurrences
vernon              5 occurrences
satanic             2 occurrences
temple              6 occurrences
seattle             14 occurrences
afterschool         2 occurrences
futile              4 occurrences
otherwiseduncan     1 occurrences
fobes               4 occurrences
seattlebased        1 occurrences
patterson           5 occurrences
buchanan            3 occurrences
leitch              1 occurrences
satan               6 occurrences
centennial          1 occurrences
unsuccessful        3 occurrences
skagit              1 occurrences
distracting         1 occurrences
riskpool            1 occurrences
sponsor             7 occurrences
stateobama          2 occurrences
reportspresident    1 occurrences
pseudonym           3 occurrences
sender              4 occurrences
amazement           1 occurrences
variation           1 occurrences
congratulations     1 occurrences
lawread             1 occurrences
undisputed          2 occurrences
factsan             1 occurrences
oak                 3 occurrences
creek               8 occurrences
saver               1 occurrences
hopkins             12 occurrences
tuesdayelham        1 occurrences
brenda              4 occurrences
abdul               8 occurrences
rahim               6 occurrences
ahmad               4 occurrences
zaki                1 occurrences
elham               1 occurrences
agriculturethe      2 occurrences
sentencing          8 occurrences
convictedahmad      1 occurrences
operationaccording  1 occurrences
indictmentthe       1 occurrences
rahims              1 occurrences
jsonline            1 occurrences
prisonplanet        2 occurrences
demonstrators       9 occurrences
skirt               5 occurrences
electionbrennan     1 occurrences
froze               1 occurrences
polygraph           1 occurrences
questioner          1 occurrences
overthrowing        1 occurrences
conferenceread      1 occurrences
contradiction       2 occurrences
payout              3 occurrences
crisissoros         1 occurrences
investmentsfact     1 occurrences
viewhow             1 occurrences
vetted              16 occurrences
whomit              1 occurrences
websitethe          2 occurrences
bbc                 9 occurrences
viewthis            1 occurrences
outline             5 occurrences
conferences         6 occurrences
watchif             1 occurrences
outstanding         8 occurrences
highbasically       1 occurrences
farther             5 occurrences
historyhow          1 occurrences
bell                4 occurrences
insult              13 occurrences
cons                3 occurrences
complicated         5 occurrences
beaconnew           1 occurrences
wired               2 occurrences
frbny               2 occurrences
converted           1 occurrences
swiss               23 occurrences
francs              3 occurrences
beacononce          1 occurrences
franc               1 occurrences
banknotes           2 occurrences
geneva              15 occurrences
handover            1 occurrences
objected            6 occurrences
overruled           6 occurrences
intune              1 occurrences
goingons            1 occurrences
seeher              1 occurrences
enthusiasm          4 occurrences
homefeatured        1 occurrences
dateany             1 occurrences
ammo                4 occurrences
hadjust             1 occurrences
gall                2 occurrences
aiding              8 occurrences
abetting            3 occurrences
monetary            9 occurrences
iranin              1 occurrences
disrespects         2 occurrences
rahami              5 occurrences
bombings            6 occurrences
linden              1 occurrences
amthankfully        1 occurrences
nonlifethreatening  1 occurrences
hospitalthis        1 occurrences
seaside             3 occurrences
secondary           7 occurrences
afghanborn          1 occurrences
fingerprint         3 occurrences
detonatedthe        1 occurrences
doorway             1 occurrences
rhami               1 occurrences
vest                5 occurrences
thankfully          2 occurrences
passersby           3 occurrences
developingobama     1 occurrences
conferenceht        1 occurrences
usled               5 occurrences
endangering         3 occurrences
ceasefire           6 occurrences
escalatedjust       1 occurrences
tentative           3 occurrences
fault               8 occurrences
rightreuters        1 occurrences
northeast           14 occurrences
unintentional       2 occurrences
jeopardizing        2 occurrences
chastised           2 occurrences
implementation      17 occurrences
spelled             3 occurrences
vitaly              1 occurrences
churkin             3 occurrences
indication          11 occurrences
overrun             6 occurrences
deir                2 occurrences
alzor               1 occurrences
militants           9 occurrences
terrifying          10 occurrences
doubts              2 occurrences
ria                 1 occurrences
novosti             1 occurrences
quoted              22 occurrences
colluding           4 occurrences
tugowar             1 occurrences
detrimental         5 occurrences
airstrike           2 occurrences
accident            20 occurrences
ramifications       4 occurrences
harshthe            1 occurrences
yetht               1 occurrences
narcacism           1 occurrences
mighty              4 occurrences
ending              12 occurrences
incarceration       5 occurrences
defining            3 occurrences
hos                 1 occurrences
africanamerican     13 occurrences
activate            1 occurrences
sendoff             1 occurrences
manifesto           4 occurrences
crosshairs          2 occurrences
normalizing         1 occurrences
communistcuba       1 occurrences
cubanamericans      3 occurrences
angered             6 occurrences
opinionhere         1 occurrences
cubageneral         1 occurrences
performanceslicensed1 occurrences
travelers           5 occurrences
tobacco             6 occurrences
cigars              1 occurrences
telecommunications  2 occurrences
infrastructurethankfully1 occurrences
undoing             5 occurrences
firsttrump          1 occurrences
terroristic         1 occurrences
blessing            3 occurrences
sureht              1 occurrences
hypocritical        1 occurrences
pointless           1 occurrences
careerobama         1 occurrences
properlyso          1 occurrences
nieto               3 occurrences
thistrump           1 occurrences
mortgages           10 occurrences
etci                1 occurrences
stick               12 occurrences
unceremoniously     1 occurrences
charitysee          1 occurrences
viewit              1 occurrences
ugly                7 occurrences
lauded              3 occurrences
boosters            2 occurrences
impoverished        2 occurrences
spun                5 occurrences
abhorrent           1 occurrences
lauds               1 occurrences
stashing            1 occurrences
purposeswe          1 occurrences
clintonscheck       1 occurrences
clintonsht          1 occurrences
araceli             1 occurrences
garciagarnica       2 occurrences
programmary         1 occurrences
vigue               1 occurrences
guilford            1 occurrences
wfmy                1 occurrences
directing           8 occurrences
milton              2 occurrences
diagnosis           1 occurrences
uncertain           3 occurrences
noncontagious       1 occurrences
bacterial           2 occurrences
pneumonia           1 occurrences
antibiotics         4 occurrences
infectionsyou       1 occurrences
cousin              4 occurrences
familial            2 occurrences
captures            2 occurrences
diagnosisis         1 occurrences
somethin            1 occurrences
neurological        1 occurrences
panicking           2 occurrences
truthnot            1 occurrences
cognitive           1 occurrences
abilities           3 occurrences
peoplein            1 occurrences
rhetoricpowell      1 occurrences
jerk                1 occurrences
unchained           2 occurrences
nutty               2 occurrences
himhe               1 occurrences
incipient           1 occurrences
revolt              3 occurrences
pattern             18 occurrences
footnote            1 occurrences
caution             10 occurrences
careful             7 occurrences
electronicallyht    1 occurrences
jamilah             2 occurrences
rasheed             1 occurrences
gunyou              1 occurrences
kinda               1 occurrences
lawbreaking         1 occurrences
knees               4 occurrences
americain           2 occurrences
solidarity          7 occurrences
nasheed             3 occurrences
chamberwhen         1 occurrences
kinder              2 occurrences
sorrow              1 occurrences
disrespecting       3 occurrences
ithow               1 occurrences
ethical             8 occurrences
platforms           4 occurrences
foruse              1 occurrences
forht               1 occurrences
detainees           23 occurrences
guantanamo          36 occurrences
billeven            1 occurrences
senatedespite       1 occurrences
rigorously          1 occurrences
wellin              1 occurrences
emirates            7 occurrences
reengaged           1 occurrences
activitythe         2 occurrences
walorski            1 occurrences
rind                1 occurrences
detainee            4 occurrences
endht               1 occurrences
ludicrous           1 occurrences
gregory             12 occurrences
copley              5 occurrences
partisanship        3 occurrences
rtthe               1 occurrences
messenger           6 occurrences
revert              1 occurrences
unambiguous         1 occurrences
sacrificing         2 occurrences
tyranny             14 occurrences
marginal            4 occurrences
prestige            3 occurrences
rtanother           1 occurrences
megabytes           1 occurrences
donorsforbes        1 occurrences
transcriberthe      1 occurrences
login               1 occurrences
setup               9 occurrences
datain              1 occurrences
donna               2 occurrences
brazile             1 occurrences
statesponsored      2 occurrences
cautioning          1 occurrences
authenticated       1 occurrences
forge               2 occurrences
veteranslet         1 occurrences
novemberdecades     1 occurrences
swiftly             1 occurrences
beginthe            1 occurrences
morethe             2 occurrences
peoplethis          1 occurrences
insiders            8 occurrences
executivesonce      1 occurrences
peopleall           1 occurrences
possiblechange      1 occurrences
comingall           1 occurrences
gravy               2 occurrences
stopit              1 occurrences
encrusted           1 occurrences
changewe            1 occurrences
independents        3 occurrences
voicewe             1 occurrences
pensacola           1 occurrences
pittsburgh          8 occurrences
baton               11 occurrences
rouge               11 occurrences
countryhillary      1 occurrences
pastours            1 occurrences
futurein            1 occurrences
nafta               4 occurrences
transpacific        11 occurrences
clintonour          1 occurrences
currency            9 occurrences
surrender           10 occurrences
overwe              1 occurrences
deservebut          1 occurrences
wantin              1 occurrences
familyin            1 occurrences
endless             7 occurrences
careerto            1 occurrences
strengththat        1 occurrences
reinvest            1 occurrences
troopswe            1 occurrences
combatready         1 occurrences
crucially           1 occurrences
stateoftheart       1 occurrences
defensewe           1 occurrences
modernizing         2 occurrences
cruisers            1 occurrences
needsas             1 occurrences
ships               18 occurrences
procure             1 occurrences
destroyers          3 occurrences
yearsjust           1 occurrences
reminded            8 occurrences
stateone            2 occurrences
failurejust         1 occurrences
weaponshillary      1 occurrences
blunders            1 occurrences
disordershe         1 occurrences
unleashing          2 occurrences
madeshe             1 occurrences
ouster              2 occurrences
mubarak             10 occurrences
fortunately         7 occurrences
foothold            1 occurrences
countryshe          1 occurrences
prolonged           1 occurrences
aftershe            1 occurrences
grown               13 occurrences
steal               8 occurrences
propertyand         1 occurrences
benefited           4 occurrences
clintonslet         1 occurrences
watchunlike         1 occurrences
leverage            7 occurrences
extract             3 occurrences
negotiates          3 occurrences
cleaners            1 occurrences
againthat           1 occurrences
againif             1 occurrences
losingi             1 occurrences
statesbut           2 occurrences
trapped             7 occurrences
childrenwe          1 occurrences
tours               6 occurrences
bowing              6 occurrences
turnamerica         1 occurrences
deservesand         1 occurrences
peopleon            1 occurrences
longterm            12 occurrences
futurehillary       1 occurrences
worldher            1 occurrences
triggerhappy        1 occurrences
recklessly          2 occurrences
statesher           1 occurrences
bleached            1 occurrences
congressshe         1 occurrences
authoritiesby       1 occurrences
thirteen            1 occurrences
hideand             1 occurrences
payforplay          2 occurrences
statehillary        2 occurrences
establishmenti      1 occurrences
competent           4 occurrences
happeningthroughout 1 occurrences
raked               1 occurrences
oppressive          4 occurrences
cozied              1 occurrences
oppress             3 occurrences
brutalize           1 occurrences
gays                5 occurrences
scalemy             1 occurrences
oppressed           5 occurrences
islamhillary        1 occurrences
herit               1 occurrences
powerfulthe         1 occurrences
insidersi           1 occurrences
youtrump            1 occurrences
youall              1 occurrences
tragedies           2 occurrences
easti               1 occurrences
admirals            2 occurrences
warlet              1 occurrences
worn                6 occurrences
countrythere        1 occurrences
vain                1 occurrences
victorywe           1 occurrences
steady              4 occurrences
interventionist     1 occurrences
globalism           1 occurrences
badlyand            1 occurrences
terrorismthe        1 occurrences
unfit               3 occurrences
escapeany           1 occurrences
missionwe           1 occurrences
yearswe             1 occurrences
nowthat             1 occurrences
everythingchange    1 occurrences
societywhen         1 occurrences
americani           1 occurrences
inclusive           13 occurrences
hadthe              1 occurrences
unlimitedthe        1 occurrences
petty               4 occurrences
tiredif             1 occurrences
anythingthat        1 occurrences
deceit              5 occurrences
deservewhen         1 occurrences
behindwe            1 occurrences
peoplenew           1 occurrences
infrastructurebeautiful1 occurrences
skyscrapers         1 occurrences
beijingmost         1 occurrences
systemic            7 occurrences
povertyhere         1 occurrences
hispanicamericans   2 occurrences
overthese           1 occurrences
futuresto           1 occurrences
championall         1 occurrences
backgrounds         4 occurrences
trumpin             2 occurrences
tradesmen           1 occurrences
craftsmen           1 occurrences
workersi            1 occurrences
bricklayers         1 occurrences
electricians        1 occurrences
plumbers            1 occurrences
collar              2 occurrences
managers            6 occurrences
minemy              2 occurrences
powered             2 occurrences
dollar              16 occurrences
backthis            1 occurrences
againgleaming       1 occurrences
stretching          2 occurrences
nationyoung         1 occurrences
competitionour      1 occurrences
donaldjtrumpcommassive1 occurrences
timemost            1 occurrences
unityonce           1 occurrences
nationwe            1 occurrences
peoplejust          1 occurrences
americanswe         1 occurrences
flagwe              1 occurrences
againwe             2 occurrences
againfriends        1 occurrences
gold                21 occurrences
iranbetween         1 occurrences
hammering           1 occurrences
sanctionsa          2 occurrences
shrouded            2 occurrences
dubowitz            2 occurrences
democraciesin       1 occurrences
metals              2 occurrences
disclosednew        1 occurrences
paymentread         1 occurrences
koskinen            15 occurrences
otherthe            1 occurrences
fleming             7 occurrences
thatryan            1 occurrences
hedged              1 occurrences
newsmaxcom          2 occurrences
recant              1 occurrences
fallout             3 occurrences
scandalat           1 occurrences
asserts             4 occurrences
viewpointbased      1 occurrences
greim               1 occurrences
ohioread            1 occurrences
circumventing       2 occurrences
serversthe          1 occurrences
blackberry          2 occurrences
tips                13 occurrences
clintonclinton      1 occurrences
informationwhat     1 occurrences
bid                 29 occurrences
predecessors        2 occurrences
accountsin          1 occurrences
pdathe              1 occurrences
bypass              10 occurrences
elijah              2 occurrences
cummings            5 occurrences
dmd                 1 occurrences
eve                 13 occurrences
requestshowever     1 occurrences
preserving          6 occurrences
aol                 1 occurrences
outsider            5 occurrences
vigorously          6 occurrences
denounced           5 occurrences
outsourcing         8 occurrences
airconditioning     1 occurrences
ninepoint           1 occurrences
upperincome         1 occurrences
professionalclass   1 occurrences
caterpillar         6 occurrences
miano               6 occurrences
saidearly           1 occurrences
whitecollar         4 occurrences
collegegrads        2 occurrences
mossville           1 occurrences
layoffsat           1 occurrences
automatically       4 occurrences
touted              5 occurrences
visasanother        1 occurrences
hiressince          1 occurrences
usbased             2 occurrences
lowerwage           2 occurrences
graduatesthe        1 occurrences
precursor           1 occurrences
graduatesread       1 occurrences
waterbury           1 occurrences
innercity           1 occurrences
weeksthough         1 occurrences
willow              1 occurrences
dusty               1 occurrences
cans                1 occurrences
swapped             1 occurrences
allegea             1 occurrences
cashtallat          1 occurrences
raul                7 occurrences
monarca             2 occurrences
tahir               1 occurrences
shahzad             2 occurrences
benefitsthe         3 occurrences
booze               1 occurrences
cigarettes          6 occurrences
stocked             2 occurrences
doorknobs           1 occurrences
scented             1 occurrences
candlesbut          1 occurrences
trio                2 occurrences
bongs               2 occurrences
hookahs             2 occurrences
storewhen           1 occurrences
inputted            2 occurrences
deducted            1 occurrences
occurs              2 occurrences
accountfederal      1 occurrences
meager              3 occurrences
cardthe             1 occurrences
onemonth            1 occurrences
documentsthe        1 occurrences
soda                1 occurrences
hardware            3 occurrences
circular            2 occurrences
benefitsonly        1 occurrences
inspecting          2 occurrences
regulationsshahzad  1 occurrences
benefitsthough      1 occurrences
storethe            1 occurrences
doormahmood         1 occurrences
passports           7 occurrences
prisonthe           2 occurrences
aijaz               1 occurrences
ahmed               8 occurrences
repam               1 occurrences
unsecure            1 occurrences
homebrew            7 occurrences
acquainted          1 occurrences
sigint              3 occurrences
derived             4 occurrences
verbatim            3 occurrences
secretsci           2 occurrences
worseat             1 occurrences
gamma               3 occurrences
compartment         1 occurrences
caveat              2 occurrences
decrypted           1 occurrences
sap                 6 occurrences
emailsnsa           1 occurrences
jewels              1 occurrences
wordforword         2 occurrences
copying             1 occurrences
sid                 2 occurrences
issuedsomehow       1 occurrences
clearances          5 occurrences
abovetopsecret      1 occurrences
channelsread        1 occurrences
spins               1 occurrences
ridiculousand       1 occurrences
leftwing            17 occurrences
prorefugee          2 occurrences
jordi               1 occurrences
vaquer              1 occurrences
antimigrant         2 occurrences
toxic               18 occurrences
allocation          6 occurrences
attitudes           4 occurrences
constituencies      4 occurrences
libertarian         6 occurrences
mate                8 occurrences
weld                8 occurrences
libertarians        6 occurrences
allergic            1 occurrences
grabs               3 occurrences
lend                5 occurrences
robust              5 occurrences
jealously           1 occurrences
prerogatives        1 occurrences
ideal               9 occurrences
deem                7 occurrences
salutary            1 occurrences
admirers            2 occurrences
precedents          6 occurrences
constitutionalist   1 occurrences
natureis            1 occurrences
constitutionalistthrush1 occurrences
powermr             1 occurrences
statesif            1 occurrences
dapa                4 occurrences
preliminary         10 occurrences
upheld              1 occurrences
troubled            9 occurrences
overrule            3 occurrences
hotairhere          1 occurrences
minutesgary         1 occurrences
bannedthe           1 occurrences
gungrabber          1 occurrences
herewatch           1 occurrences
matthews            2 occurrences
lifetime            9 occurrences
newsweek            3 occurrences
jesse               9 occurrences
helms               1 occurrences
lolwatch            1 occurrences
unfithillary        1 occurrences
scenes              7 occurrences
uploaded            4 occurrences
shortagesin         1 occurrences
potbangers          1 occurrences
obscenities         1 occurrences
astounded           1 occurrences
clipsmr             1 occurrences
caracas             5 occurrences
margarita           1 occurrences
coast               14 occurrences
inaugurate          1 occurrences
televised           6 occurrences
addressduring       1 occurrences
vampires            1 occurrences
violenceforo        1 occurrences
penal               4 occurrences
villa               2 occurrences
rosa                5 occurrences
episode             4 occurrences
identifies          6 occurrences
chiefofstaff        2 occurrences
departmentreaders   2 occurrences
attorneyclient      2 occurrences
inquire             2 occurrences
governmentrelated   1 occurrences
businesswhen        1 occurrences
intimately          1 occurrences
communicationsthat  1 occurrences
actor               9 occurrences
producing           10 occurrences
lefti               1 occurrences
indulged            1 occurrences
nonlawyer           1 occurrences
officialflashback   1 occurrences
americansmore       1 occurrences
operators           9 occurrences
schemethe           1 occurrences
indictments         9 occurrences
foodsin             1 occurrences
deducts             1 occurrences
balancesnap         1 occurrences
reimbursements      5 occurrences
customersthe        1 occurrences
debited             1 occurrences
manually            1 occurrences
saysas              1 occurrences
deposits            5 occurrences
inflated            4 occurrences
split               11 occurrences
storeowners         1 occurrences
producers           4 occurrences
distributors        2 occurrences
arewalayat          1 occurrences
reisterstown        2 occurrences
barbara             14 occurrences
owings              1 occurrences
royals              1 occurrences
patapsco            1 occurrences
occurredshaheen     1 occurrences
tasewar             1 occurrences
hussain             6 occurrences
ellicott            1 occurrences
crain               1 occurrences
glen                4 occurrences
burnie              1 occurrences
occurredkelym       1 occurrences
novas               1 occurrences
remedio             1 occurrences
gonzalez            11 occurrences
reyes               4 occurrences
kelym               1 occurrences
occurredmulazam     1 occurrences
windsor             4 occurrences
mill                3 occurrences
occurredmahmood     1 occurrences
shah                5 occurrences
catonsville         1 occurrences
muhammad            17 occurrences
rafiq               2 occurrences
darley              1 occurrences
occurredmohammad    1 occurrences
gwynn               1 occurrences
alia                3 occurrences
shaheen             4 occurrences
barclay             4 occurrences
holabird            2 occurrences
dundalk             1 occurrences
inflatedthe         1 occurrences
dundalkmohammad     1 occurrences
irfan               4 occurrences
nottinghammuhammad  1 occurrences
sarmad              2 occurrences
nottingham          1 occurrences
sherwood            2 occurrences
northwood           1 occurrences
rosedale            2 occurrences
kenwood             2 occurrences
belair              1 occurrences
occurredrizwan      1 occurrences
pervez              2 occurrences
essex               1 occurrences
mega                2 occurrences
ellamont            1 occurrences
occurredkassem      1 occurrences
hafeed              3 occurrences
kassam              1 occurrences
surface             5 occurrences
summitfor           1 occurrences
spoonfed            2 occurrences
gasover             2 occurrences
fanatics            4 occurrences
motives             7 occurrences
yearnow             2 occurrences
inequalityon        2 occurrences
camille             4 occurrences
risler              6 occurrences
apwld               2 occurrences
unequal             10 occurrences
constituency        3 occurrences
unfccc              3 occurrences
feminist            11 occurrences
negotiationsi       2 occurrences
thailand            3 occurrences
programso           2 occurrences
symptom             3 occurrences
unjust              4 occurrences
worldso             2 occurrences
structural          2 occurrences
translated          8 occurrences
terroristsyou       2 occurrences
herepope            1 occurrences
concerted           3 occurrences
ecological          5 occurrences
degradation         3 occurrences
bountiful           2 occurrences
polluted            2 occurrences
wasteland           1 occurrences
debris              5 occurrences
desolation          1 occurrences
filth               2 occurrences
mercy               8 occurrences
performfrancis      1 occurrences
papacy              1 occurrences
denouncing          7 occurrences
throwaway           2 occurrences
greed               2 occurrences
marketdriven        1 occurrences
economics           6 occurrences
shortterm           2 occurrences
changefrancis       1 occurrences
backtrack           1 occurrences
roman               3 occurrences
defence             5 occurrences
believers           2 occurrences
guiding             2 occurrences
wrest               1 occurrences
crookedhillary      1 occurrences
declaring           13 occurrences
gridthe             1 occurrences
monitordhs          1 occurrences
electiondhs         1 occurrences
sectors             12 occurrences
incapacitation      1 occurrences
debilitating        1 occurrences
resilience          8 occurrences
continuity          1 occurrences
attemptjohnson      1 occurrences
ratify              1 occurrences
countriesthis       1 occurrences
herevia             1 occurrences
bailout             19 occurrences
lew                 10 occurrences
sylvia              3 occurrences
burwell             3 occurrences
unrealin            1 occurrences
bondholders         3 occurrences
bonds               11 occurrences
pensioners          2 occurrences
backbut             1 occurrences
paulson             2 occurrences
tepper              1 occurrences
appaloosa           1 occurrences
marathon            5 occurrences
swooped             1 occurrences
rating              10 occurrences
ratings             10 occurrences
junk                4 occurrences
discounts           3 occurrences
anythingwhat        1 occurrences
resort              17 occurrences
overpaid            3 occurrences
meritocracy         1 occurrences
incompetents        1 occurrences
buck                4 occurrences
suggestions         3 occurrences
gradually           3 occurrences
bail                14 occurrences
vulture             1 occurrences
reaping             1 occurrences
territoryread       1 occurrences
puzzle              2 occurrences
delete              3 occurrences
bleach              1 occurrences
bleachbit           7 occurrences
tipped              4 occurrences
thoroughly          7 occurrences
scrubbed            3 occurrences
herbleachbit        1 occurrences
creator             3 occurrences
saidandrew          1 occurrences
ziem                5 occurrences
speculated          4 occurrences
downloads           2 occurrences
untraceablegowdy    1 occurrences
probable            7 occurrences
bleachbitthe        1 occurrences
opensource          1 occurrences
cluttered           1 occurrences
saidbut             7 occurrences
torch               2 occurrences
revealedread        1 occurrences
sucker              3 occurrences
amtrak              34 occurrences
chop                1 occurrences
choos               1 occurrences
boondoggles         1 occurrences
multibillion        4 occurrences
amtrakof            1 occurrences
subsidiesalso       1 occurrences
lion                12 occurrences
dcfrom              1 occurrences
reportbiden         1 occurrences
amtrakvice          1 occurrences
namesake            1 occurrences
wilmington          4 occurrences
delawarethe         1 occurrences
highspeed           8 occurrences
acela               2 occurrences
rehabilitate        1 occurrences
stations            17 occurrences
penn                5 occurrences
censorship          6 occurrences
dcleaks             2 occurrences
cache               4 occurrences
unknownthe          2 occurrences
organizationsthe    1 occurrences
legitimateread      1 occurrences
dysfunctional       4 occurrences
workings            2 occurrences
unrealthe           3 occurrences
structured          3 occurrences
iransom             1 occurrences
payoff              2 occurrences
terrorismgrilled    1 occurrences
wiretransfer        1 occurrences
toner               3 occurrences
decreed             1 occurrences
mullahs             3 occurrences
enemiesthe          1 occurrences
perseverance        1 occurrences
rosett              1 occurrences
expecting           6 occurrences
minding             1 occurrences
sordid              1 occurrences
toadies             1 occurrences
congressionally     2 occurrences
appropriated        3 occurrences
clintonmail         2 occurrences
themgenerally       1 occurrences
settlements         6 occurrences
aboveboard          1 occurrences
plaintiffwith       1 occurrences
leviathan           1 occurrences
catacombs           1 occurrences
stumbling           2 occurrences
aggregate           1 occurrences
cents               8 occurrences
owed                2 occurrences
deposited           4 occurrences
khomeini            3 occurrences
stacked             4 occurrences
atop                4 occurrences
pallets             2 occurrences
shuttle             1 occurrences
unmarked            2 occurrences
coordinator         6 occurrences
nicky               1 occurrences
barnesread          1 occurrences
rewarded            4 occurrences
themselvesthe       3 occurrences
anyonesounds        1 occurrences
edged               1 occurrences
sword               3 occurrences
fearing             6 occurrences
performers          2 occurrences
automateand         1 occurrences
outthis             1 occurrences
inquirythe          2 occurrences
dimly               1 occurrences
lit                 7 occurrences
statusafter         1 occurrences
retaining           2 occurrences
recommends          5 occurrences
concludes           7 occurrences
valuable            5 occurrences
habitual            2 occurrences
serial              16 occurrences
facet               3 occurrences
tends               3 occurrences
facets              3 occurrences
righthandwoman      1 occurrences
carelessness        2 occurrences
actionshillary      1 occurrences
mondayabedin        1 occurrences
jiloty              5 occurrences
trunk               5 occurrences
rode                2 occurrences
seatshe             1 occurrences
consisted           2 occurrences
belonged            4 occurrences
incineration        1 occurrences
itit                4 occurrences
unquestionably      2 occurrences
directs             1 occurrences
recyclable          1 occurrences
objects             5 occurrences
acco                1 occurrences
fasteners           1 occurrences
twine               1 occurrences
spiral              3 occurrences
bindings            1 occurrences
cloths              1 occurrences
semitruck           1 occurrences
vineyard            6 occurrences
photoopof           1 occurrences
proficiency         1 occurrences
frameworks          2 occurrences
statutes            9 occurrences
flooding            16 occurrences
loot                2 occurrences
wiped               4 occurrences
deluge              1 occurrences
rainthe             1 occurrences
humid               1 occurrences
mold                2 occurrences
rebuildbut          1 occurrences
quicker             4 occurrences
governmentblack     1 occurrences
arlene              2 occurrences
barnum              2 occurrences
blacklivesmatter    10 occurrences
rescuethe           1 occurrences
swamped             2 occurrences
relentless          5 occurrences
responders          2 occurrences
overwhelmed         2 occurrences
waterscajunnavy     1 occurrences
bensanderslaw       1 occurrences
privatelyowned      1 occurrences
boats               16 occurrences
sportsmen           1 occurrences
apps                5 occurrences
app                 5 occurrences
glympse             1 occurrences
walkie              1 occurrences
talkie              1 occurrences
zello               1 occurrences
louisianians        3 occurrences
livestockcajunnavy  1 occurrences
troy                7 occurrences
gulfsails           1 occurrences
batonrougeflood     1 occurrences
michot              1 occurrences
waltermichot        1 occurrences
batonrouge          1 occurrences
ashley              4 occurrences
doan                1 occurrences
ashleymdoan         1 occurrences
efficiently         3 occurrences
movie               18 occurrences
studio              5 occurrences
celtic              2 occurrences
premier             3 occurrences
film                20 occurrences
studios             2 occurrences
hardest             10 occurrences
mulhearn            1 occurrences
devastated          12 occurrences
shelterthere        1 occurrences
churches            11 occurrences
prodding            1 occurrences
parishes            2 occurrences
flooded             6 occurrences
zonepeople          1 occurrences
helpeven            1 occurrences
meteorologists      1 occurrences
routes              3 occurrences
deliveries          2 occurrences
formula             3 occurrences
prescription        5 occurrences
lethargic           2 occurrences
crossmotivated      1 occurrences
historyin           1 occurrences
parish              5 occurrences
plaquemines         1 occurrences
lectures            1 occurrences
rescuing            1 occurrences
beforebut           1 occurrences
compassion          3 occurrences
developers          2 occurrences
sustain             6 occurrences
lifesaversfor       1 occurrences
boyd                3 occurrences
foster              34 occurrences
vanishfoster        1 occurrences
caliber             2 occurrences
revolver            3 occurrences
marcy               1 occurrences
potomac             4 occurrences
newsmax             3 occurrences
deathwhen           1 occurrences
gunshot             1 occurrences
suicidethat         1 occurrences
rodham              15 occurrences
clintonfor          1 occurrences
rulingsignificant   1 occurrences
colt                1 occurrences
handthe             1 occurrences
vintage             1 occurrences
pedigreefoster      1 occurrences
revolverrecently    1 occurrences
reader              2 occurrences
brinkley            4 occurrences
uscurious           1 occurrences
ncic                3 occurrences
centerthe           2 occurrences
enforcment          1 occurrences
numberson           1 occurrences
requestserial       1 occurrences
starrserial         1 occurrences
nnumberthat         1 occurrences
edt                 4 occurrences
checking            3 occurrences
predigree           1 occurrences
untraceablewe       1 occurrences
marilyn             5 occurrences
walton              2 occurrences
computershe         2 occurrences
duplicated          1 occurrences
modelin             1 occurrences
numbersis           1 occurrences
linking             4 occurrences
tirade              2 occurrences
suicidein           1 occurrences
legislationhillary  1 occurrences
ridiculed           6 occurrences
peers               4 occurrences
coy                 1 occurrences
copeland            3 occurrences
supervisory         2 occurrences
clemente            4 occurrences
starrduring         1 occurrences
humiliate           2 occurrences
mercilessly         1 occurrences
goodsize            1 occurrences
hick                1 occurrences
probed              1 occurrences
depressed           3 occurrences
lambasting          1 occurrences
nominations         5 occurrences
strained            3 occurrences
preoccupied         2 occurrences
humor               4 occurrences
teared              1 occurrences
trappedon           1 occurrences
cry                 7 occurrences
resigningarchived   1 occurrences
housed              11 occurrences
availafter          1 occurrences
documenting         3 occurrences
humiliation         2 occurrences
exclusivelyon       1 occurrences
counselon           1 occurrences
archivist           3 occurrences
paynter             1 occurrences
deathon             1 occurrences
mathis              1 occurrences
documentswhile      1 occurrences
absentafter         1 occurrences
murphy              8 occurrences
liaison             4 occurrences
valceanu            2 occurrences
marketing           8 occurrences
amounting           2 occurrences
investigationthis   1 occurrences
archivein           1 occurrences
missingwhen         1 occurrences
investigationoffering1 occurrences
drivevia            1 occurrences
caving              5 occurrences
iranforeign         1 occurrences
iranwsjsolomon      1 occurrences
kenan               1 occurrences
rahmani             4 occurrences
kenanrahmani        1 occurrences
lamehomeland        1 occurrences
floodswhen          1 occurrences
trainingstate       1 occurrences
itno                1 occurrences
rnc                 6 occurrences
partwhile           1 occurrences
aidescheryl         1 occurrences
marie               1 occurrences
philippe            2 occurrences
reines              1 occurrences
caitlin             1 occurrences
klevorick           1 occurrences
bladerston          1 occurrences
angela              12 occurrences
parthello           1 occurrences
humaour             1 occurrences
trainings           1 occurrences
approximate         1 occurrences
stateread           2 occurrences
zeke                2 occurrences
emanuel             16 occurrences
awkward             2 occurrences
rahm                7 occurrences
absurdities         1 occurrences
jackwagoncan        1 occurrences
determining         8 occurrences
aetna               3 occurrences
putzhere            1 occurrences
condoned            1 occurrences
multiblock          1 occurrences
rioting             9 occurrences
looting             10 occurrences
arson               11 occurrences
officerinvolved     2 occurrences
gangaffiliated      1 occurrences
sylville            1 occurrences
shotthe             1 occurrences
rioted              1 occurrences
fightwisconsin      1 occurrences
activated           4 occurrences
erupt               2 occurrences
predominantly       15 occurrences
neighbourhood       3 occurrences
suspectthe          1 occurrences
ablaze              1 occurrences
overnight           4 occurrences
killingseventeen    1 occurrences
disturbances        1 occurrences
saidfour            1 occurrences
hospitalschief      1 occurrences
lateone             1 occurrences
interconnected      1 occurrences
digital             23 occurrences
descend             4 occurrences
responsethis        1 occurrences
suburban            10 occurrences
equip               3 occurrences
deploy              5 occurrences
numbersnow          1 occurrences
shopkeepers         2 occurrences
storekeepers        1 occurrences
oathkeepers         1 occurrences
missouriit          1 occurrences
suited              2 occurrences
mobs                4 occurrences
fervently           1 occurrences
arsonminded         1 occurrences
situationsequipped  1 occurrences
variablepower       1 occurrences
discern             2 occurrences
bright              17 occurrences
wellequipped        1 occurrences
handguns            1 occurrences
molotov             2 occurrences
cocktailsthe        1 occurrences
imminent            6 occurrences
thirdpartythat      1 occurrences
unquestioned        1 occurrences
buildings           13 occurrences
structuresthis      1 occurrences
plausible           3 occurrences
justifying          1 occurrences
muchlongerthannormal1 occurrences
self                6 occurrences
yardsif             1 occurrences
lowpowered          1 occurrences
scopes              1 occurrences
dot                 8 occurrences
optic               3 occurrences
weaponmounted       1 occurrences
accouterments       1 occurrences
carbines            2 occurrences
mistakeincreasingly 1 occurrences
terrorismbe         1 occurrences
preparedvia         1 occurrences
rousing             2 occurrences
bodyguard           3 occurrences
insanity            6 occurrences
wellorchestrated    2 occurrences
sanford             1 occurrences
zimmerman           1 occurrences
trayvon             3 occurrences
warwar              1 occurrences
copsa               1 occurrences
bravely             4 occurrences
sadness             1 occurrences
despair             4 occurrences
substituted         1 occurrences
selfrespect         1 occurrences
controlrotten       1 occurrences
perk                1 occurrences
fatherless          1 occurrences
selfesteem          1 occurrences
lifethese           1 occurrences
fastfood            1 occurrences
convinced           9 occurrences
selfsufficient      2 occurrences
crimeridden         1 occurrences
sidethank           1 occurrences
golfs               1 occurrences
barry               16 occurrences
multiagency         3 occurrences
periodic            3 occurrences
prb                 3 occurrences
qaedalinked         2 occurrences
algerian            9 occurrences
guant               2 occurrences
namo                2 occurrences
conceding           2 occurrences
sufiyan             1 occurrences
barhoumi            2 occurrences
mitigated           1 occurrences
hostilities         2 occurrences
alqaeda             11 occurrences
trainerhe           1 occurrences
mid                 1 occurrences
presenting          2 occurrences
heraldin            1 occurrences
parole              4 occurrences
notesthe            1 occurrences
repatriation        1 occurrences
algeria             4 occurrences
assurances          7 occurrences
envoys              1 occurrences
usg                 2 occurrences
agenciesalgeria     1 occurrences
terrorismlinked     1 occurrences
countrybarhoumi     1 occurrences
pizza               8 occurrences
algiers             2 occurrences
heraldfor           1 occurrences
hackeddc            1 occurrences
sorosgeorge         1 occurrences
hungarianamerican   1 occurrences
philanthropist      1 occurrences
hungarianjewish     1 occurrences
ancestry            1 occurrences
dual                4 occurrences
citizenshiphe       1 occurrences
coup                17 occurrences
vampire             2 occurrences
lighthouse          1 occurrences
sponsoring          2 occurrences
worldthis           1 occurrences
workplans           1 occurrences
worldwideinformation1 occurrences
leaksthere          1 occurrences
idiotic             7 occurrences
slam                2 occurrences
slick               6 occurrences
willy               2 occurrences
talkin              2 occurrences
willybill           1 occurrences
marking             6 occurrences
plagued             3 occurrences
amend               10 occurrences
clintonhe           1 occurrences
discourage          5 occurrences
whoever             10 occurrences
dies                5 occurrences
oliver              2 occurrences
irrefutable         1 occurrences
bombers             8 occurrences
dime                11 occurrences
employing           4 occurrences
modifying           1 occurrences
aircraftfrom        1 occurrences
raqqa               2 occurrences
stunned             6 occurrences
thermal             2 occurrences
battery             8 occurrences
surfacetoair        1 occurrences
missilesit          1 occurrences
regarded            4 occurrences
feat                2 occurrences
infrastructurebut   1 occurrences
recommission        1 occurrences
ageheatseeking      1 occurrences
warheads            1 occurrences
ira                 3 occurrences
storing             1 occurrences
difficultit         1 occurrences
securitythe         3 occurrences
fitted              1 occurrences
mannequins          1 occurrences
thermostats         1 occurrences
humans              7 occurrences
evade               2 occurrences
scanning            1 occurrences
westhere            1 occurrences
testing             7 occurrences
inventionsthe       1 occurrences
countriesan         1 occurrences
trainer             1 occurrences
unedited            2 occurrences
remnants            1 occurrences
fsa                 2 occurrences
europethe           1 occurrences
aerial              3 occurrences
imagery             2 occurrences
pieced              2 occurrences
teamalthough        1 occurrences
placecrucially      1 occurrences
possiblegroups      1 occurrences
trainees            1 occurrences
tunisia             6 occurrences
courses             3 occurrences
labs                5 occurrences
equestrian          1 occurrences
skye                1 occurrences
lawlessness         9 occurrences
worldwidemore       1 occurrences
soroswikileaks      1 occurrences
uponhow             1 occurrences
soroshere           1 occurrences
arisen              3 occurrences
albania             1 occurrences
demonstration       4 occurrences
tirana              1 occurrences
unrest              9 occurrences
counterdemonstration1 occurrences
followup            6 occurrences
inflamed            1 occurrences
bodes               1 occurrences
ill                 9 occurrences
fragile             2 occurrences
stae                1 occurrences
spokespeople        3 occurrences
evasiveness         1 occurrences
ugha                1 occurrences
foundationrelated   1 occurrences
trudeau             15 occurrences
yesterdaythree      1 occurrences
abigail             1 occurrences
downplayed          3 occurrences
peopleone           1 occurrences
preclude            1 occurrences
staffat             1 occurrences
spilling            5 occurrences
peddled             1 occurrences
asapthe             1 occurrences
cursory             1 occurrences
smacks              1 occurrences
crazyand            1 occurrences
hosni               3 occurrences
morsi               3 occurrences
wreaking            1 occurrences
havoc               4 occurrences
emphasisthe         1 occurrences
cofoundertrump      1 occurrences
acronym             1 occurrences
instability         5 occurrences
thrivethe           1 occurrences
accusationthe       1 occurrences
alqaida             4 occurrences
shiite              9 occurrences
fueling             8 occurrences
thenleader          1 occurrences
jordanianborn       1 occurrences
abu                 8 occurrences
musab               1 occurrences
alzarqawi           1 occurrences
foundertrump        1 occurrences
accusation          3 occurrences
loyaltiesin         1 occurrences
nightclub           7 occurrences
sympathetic         7 occurrences
falsely             6 occurrences
kenya               8 occurrences
pun                 3 occurrences
bongino             1 occurrences
panama              10 occurrences
jungle              4 occurrences
colombia            3 occurrences
statespresident     1 occurrences
varela              2 occurrences
darien              1 occurrences
irregular           1 occurrences
speecharound        1 occurrences
dense               1 occurrences
panamacolombia      1 occurrences
fridayhe            1 occurrences
stranded            1 occurrences
nicaragua           4 occurrences
tightened           2 occurrences
controlscolombian   1 occurrences
territoryvarela     1 occurrences
countrybrazil       1 occurrences
rudy                4 occurrences
giuliani            1 occurrences
hillarys            1 occurrences
inviting            4 occurrences
mateens             1 occurrences
msms                1 occurrences
fiel                1 occurrences
viktorfiel          1 occurrences
betsy               3 occurrences
mccaughey           1 occurrences
dodged              1 occurrences
shahram             1 occurrences
amiri               5 occurrences
writ                3 occurrences
governmentbut       1 occurrences
attributing         1 occurrences
jobsin              1 occurrences
centerpiece         2 occurrences
pragmatist          1 occurrences
inspire             6 occurrences
goodpaying          1 occurrences
chronically         2 occurrences
facto               4 occurrences
exit                11 occurrences
stagnated           1 occurrences
plunging            2 occurrences
datathe             1 occurrences
bigticket           1 occurrences
smallerscale        1 occurrences
flat                9 occurrences
headlines           10 occurrences
materialized        3 occurrences
migrated            2 occurrences
yorkclinton         1 occurrences
selfstyled          2 occurrences
promoter            4 occurrences
showcases           1 occurrences
moneymaking         1 occurrences
inc                 19 occurrences
foundationread      2 occurrences
deregulation        1 occurrences
gotta               4 occurrences
unveil              3 occurrences
revitalizing        1 occurrences
producer            5 occurrences
bloomberg           16 occurrences
legitimize          2 occurrences
unreal              14 occurrences
belowrattansi       1 occurrences
illegality          2 occurrences
malfesance          1 occurrences
alreaday            1 occurrences
clintonassange      1 occurrences
indict              10 occurrences
conduit             2 occurrences
wellestablished     1 occurrences
farge               4 occurrences
monde               1 occurrences
favoring            3 occurrences
undecided           1 occurrences
offloaded           1 occurrences
aircrafthe          1 occurrences
archival            1 occurrences
switzerland         13 occurrences
knowing             14 occurrences
broadcasting        6 occurrences
narrator            2 occurrences
persian             4 occurrences
moneyforhostages    1 occurrences
pallet              1 occurrences
banknotesthe        1 occurrences
euros               9 occurrences
currenciesthe       1 occurrences
dailymailcom        3 occurrences
depictednone        1 occurrences
stamped             3 occurrences
shotand             1 occurrences
broadcaster         4 occurrences
resting             2 occurrences
moneybut            1 occurrences
narration           1 occurrences
mehrabad            1 occurrences
windfall            3 occurrences
winlose             1 occurrences
englishlanguage     3 occurrences
translations        2 occurrences
unfunny             1 occurrences
abidini             2 occurrences
planeload           1 occurrences
evilsaeed           1 occurrences
gotrish             1 occurrences
slept               2 occurrences
airportabidini      1 occurrences
goplease            1 occurrences
ralph               4 occurrences
peters              6 occurrences
khizr               5 occurrences
cleveland           9 occurrences
irankhan            1 occurrences
isolationist        3 occurrences
refuting            1 occurrences
intentions          8 occurrences
alarmingwatch       1 occurrences
promoters           2 occurrences
peddlers            1 occurrences
gems                2 occurrences
dubaibased          1 occurrences
teaches             3 occurrences
investigationthe    3 occurrences
adhere              4 occurrences
zakat               1 occurrences
oneeighth           1 occurrences
jihadthe            1 occurrences
foundationthe       2 occurrences
honorary            1 occurrences
clintonhis          1 occurrences
closelyheld         1 occurrences
incorporated        4 occurrences
cayman              1 occurrences
yearread            1 occurrences
philip              9 occurrences
haney               2 occurrences
wilson              11 occurrences
amateur             2 occurrences
unsafe              4 occurrences
airlift             1 occurrences
coincided           3 occurrences
afterwardwooden     1 occurrences
currencies          1 occurrences
procured            3 occurrences
reza                3 occurrences
pahlavithe          1 occurrences
tribunal            5 occurrences
hague               5 occurrences
disclosing          6 occurrences
paymentsenior       1 occurrences
strands             1 occurrences
tangiblesen         1 occurrences
arkansas            12 occurrences
foe                 1 occurrences
ayatollahs          1 occurrences
seizures            2 occurrences
saidsince           1 occurrences
dualnationals       1 occurrences
monthsat            1 occurrences
portrayed           2 occurrences
breakthrough        2 occurrences
unlocked            1 occurrences
journalas           1 occurrences
bonus               2 occurrences
livesa              2 occurrences
classrooms          4 occurrences
shootings           23 occurrences
endanger            4 occurrences
campusesthe         1 occurrences
pistols             1 occurrences
studentsthe         1 occurrences
deadliest           3 occurrences
whitman             1 occurrences
perch               4 occurrences
austin              8 occurrences
flagship            1 occurrences
universitytexas     1 occurrences
firearm             15 occurrences
licensed            6 occurrences
peel                2 occurrences
rotten              3 occurrences
herekhizr           1 occurrences
muazzam             3 occurrences
kahn                10 occurrences
emigrating          1 occurrences
advancement         7 occurrences
statesmr            1 occurrences
officekahn          1 occurrences
expertise           4 occurrences
advertised          2 occurrences
assistanceattorney  1 occurrences
hogan               16 occurrences
hartson             4 occurrences
lovells             4 occurrences
foundationhogan     1 occurrences
llp                 2 occurrences
kyle                1 occurrences
bundled             1 occurrences
capt                2 occurrences
humayun             2 occurrences
bomber              10 occurrences
thenhogan           1 occurrences
mourned             3 occurrences
clintonattorney     1 occurrences
compensated         4 occurrences
conscript           1 occurrences
treehousewell       1 occurrences
hartsonit           1 occurrences
lynchbut            1 occurrences
washingtonheadquartered1 occurrences
topaz               1 occurrences
grthe               1 occurrences
uskhizr             1 occurrences
punjab              1 occurrences
specialized         3 occurrences
opec                3 occurrences
intergovernmental   2 occurrences
consisting          5 occurrences
countriesbut        2 occurrences
contemporary        2 occurrences
fascination         3 occurrences
eighties            1 occurrences
juristic            1 occurrences
elucidated          1 occurrences
sunnah              1 occurrences
prophet             7 occurrences
snapshot            2 occurrences
essay               4 occurrences
herebut             3 occurrences
intro               2 occurrences
ramadan             9 occurrences
promotion           9 occurrences
albanna             1 occurrences
worldin             2 occurrences
coin                1 occurrences
martyrs             2 occurrences
saoud               1 occurrences
enlisted            5 occurrences
akbar               3 occurrences
fifteen             1 occurrences
bowe                2 occurrences
bergdahl            2 occurrences
deserted            2 occurrences
desertion           1 occurrences
ambushed            2 occurrences
nidal               4 occurrences
malik               13 occurrences
fourteen            4 occurrences
taha                2 occurrences
jaber               2 occurrences
alalwani            3 occurrences
arming              6 occurrences
imma                1 occurrences
abedins             1 occurrences
abedinsmeiikampf    1 occurrences
antisemite          1 occurrences
chaplains           1 occurrences
shoebatcom          2 occurrences
inserted            3 occurrences
typelet             1 occurrences
coronation          2 occurrences
thisi               1 occurrences
bereaved            2 occurrences
undivided           1 occurrences
statementwell       1 occurrences
pleas               2 occurrences
unfairly            5 occurrences
socalmikesd         2 occurrences
pointhis            1 occurrences
muslimsppl          1 occurrences
doesnt              1 occurrences
ushow               1 occurrences
shameful            6 occurrences
repudiate           1 occurrences
forgivedon          1 occurrences
gay                 55 occurrences
sensation           5 occurrences
lowinformation      1 occurrences
disputedhere        1 occurrences
interviewedvia      1 occurrences
paints              4 occurrences
yourselves          2 occurrences
esteem              1 occurrences
appointing          2 occurrences
presidentat         1 occurrences
attendee            5 occurrences
legalize            3 occurrences
guyphiladelphia     1 occurrences
telemundo           1 occurrences
companieskaine      1 occurrences
isquared            3 occurrences
boosted             3 occurrences
yearbecause         1 occurrences
workersthe          1 occurrences
higherwage          1 occurrences
helpread            1 occurrences
miserable           3 occurrences
alleviate           2 occurrences
newshere            6 occurrences
kuwait              3 occurrences
brunei              2 occurrences
bahrain             3 occurrences
djibouti            1 occurrences
qatar               4 occurrences
outnumber           1 occurrences
soonerunder         1 occurrences
millionbased        1 occurrences
acceptance          7 occurrences
flows               5 occurrences
importing           3 occurrences
yearas              2 occurrences
countriesadding     2 occurrences
termsthese          1 occurrences
millionthese        1 occurrences
conversions         1 occurrences
interns             7 occurrences
photoit             1 occurrences
fitting             3 occurrences
sheila              7 occurrences
deminternselfie     1 occurrences
skin                10 occurrences
areso               2 occurrences
photoht             1 occurrences
weasel              15 occurrences
zipperssomething    1 occurrences
eerily              1 occurrences
segregation         4 occurrences
sadiq               2 occurrences
sticking            6 occurrences
noticeably          1 occurrences
segregated          5 occurrences
citizensthe         1 occurrences
danish              11 occurrences
blithering          2 occurrences
robot               3 occurrences
greeting            2 occurrences
ratting             2 occurrences
americansone        1 occurrences
michiganin          1 occurrences
islamization        5 occurrences
geller              2 occurrences
lovers              1 occurrences
communitiesnotices  1 occurrences
arabamerican        2 occurrences
dearbornthe         1 occurrences
informational       1 occurrences
motor               4 occurrences
networking          2 occurrences
roles               4 occurrences
qualifications      2 occurrences
similarities        2 occurrences
seating             1 occurrences
christina           2 occurrences
petrosian           2 occurrences
chrisspuciagov      1 occurrences
wnddick             1 occurrences
manasseri           4 occurrences
citizenwatchdog     1 occurrences
advertisements      1 occurrences
fbicia              2 occurrences
shariah             10 occurrences
saidmanasseri       1 occurrences
scrubbing           1 occurrences
manuals             1 occurrences
concession          10 occurrences
americanislamic     9 occurrences
shariahadherents    1 occurrences
furthers            1 occurrences
wndthe              2 occurrences
probability         5 occurrences
saiddearborn        1 occurrences
christianand        1 occurrences
resettlementanother 1 occurrences
dearbornmichigan    1 occurrences
usafter             1 occurrences
resettlementobama   1 occurrences
manhood             2 occurrences
alpha               2 occurrences
males               16 occurrences
dmass               1 occurrences
minted              1 occurrences
insecure            2 occurrences
tweetstorm          1 occurrences
matewarren          1 occurrences
materead            1 occurrences
billboard           10 occurrences
truthin             1 occurrences
constituents        8 occurrences
videoa              1 occurrences
niqab               2 occurrences
shouldamericafearshariaorg1 occurrences
extremismthe        1 occurrences
salesperson         1 occurrences
barta               2 occurrences
switched            7 occurrences
expiresthe          1 occurrences
terrorismin         4 occurrences
pulse               3 occurrences
hanson              1 occurrences
totalitarian        2 occurrences
alphanewsht         1 occurrences
eeoc                17 occurrences
spiraled            3 occurrences
governmentin        2 occurrences
overturned          5 occurrences
matted              1 occurrences
knotted             1 occurrences
afrocentric         1 occurrences
marijuana           5 occurrences
cannabis            2 occurrences
rastafari           4 occurrences
slums               1 occurrences
jamaica             1 occurrences
dreadlocks          4 occurrences
clumps              1 occurrences
ungroomed           1 occurrences
symbolizing         1 occurrences
mane                1 occurrences
judahthe            1 occurrences
workplace           9 occurrences
prep                2 occurrences
walt                2 occurrences
disney              39 occurrences
staffing            4 occurrences
courtney            1 occurrences
practicing          3 occurrences
rastafarian         2 occurrences
beliefshospitality  1 occurrences
vii                 1 occurrences
sincerely           3 occurrences
undue               2 occurrences
enjoining           1 occurrences
reasonably          5 occurrences
compensatory        2 occurrences
properthere         1 occurrences
rastafarianism      1 occurrences
rastafarians        2 occurrences
haile               1 occurrences
selassie            1 occurrences
emperor             1 occurrences
ethiopia            3 occurrences
exile               1 occurrences
slave               21 occurrences
reggae              1 occurrences
marley              1 occurrences
rapper              2 occurrences
snoop               3 occurrences
dogg                1 occurrences
rastas              2 occurrences
oppressors          2 occurrences
outward             1 occurrences
penchant            1 occurrences
vegetarian          1 occurrences
diets               1 occurrences
steadily            3 occurrences
figuresread         1 occurrences
arrogant            4 occurrences
jon                 5 occurrences
feere               1 occurrences
websitehillary      1 occurrences
willenact           1 occurrences
shadowsdefend       1 occurrences
actpromote          1 occurrences
naturalization      4 occurrences
integration         7 occurrences
centershillary      1 occurrences
lawbreakers         1 occurrences
fasttrack           17 occurrences
citizenshipif       1 occurrences
dhsbetween          1 occurrences
alonebased          1 occurrences
yearclinton         1 occurrences
aloneanalysis       1 occurrences
billionadditionally 1 occurrences
holders             10 occurrences
migrationwith       1 occurrences
aloneaccording      1 occurrences
rasmussen           6 occurrences
margin              7 occurrences
remarkably          8 occurrences
planyet             1 occurrences
overallus           1 occurrences
eightstyle          1 occurrences
citizenshipclinton  1 occurrences
proislamic          2 occurrences
impotent            3 occurrences
ducks               2 occurrences
helpless            7 occurrences
slowmohamed         1 occurrences
horrors             4 occurrences
wards               4 occurrences
crumpled            1 occurrences
crushedone          1 occurrences
locals              10 occurrences
tourists            5 occurrences
splintered          1 occurrences
floorand            1 occurrences
spilt               1 occurrences
contorted           1 occurrences
reek                2 occurrences
sanitized           2 occurrences
allpathetic         1 occurrences
impotentevil        1 occurrences
sheetscelebrities   1 occurrences
designers           1 occurrences
comforted           1 occurrences
candles             2 occurrences
instagrammed        1 occurrences
hashtag             8 occurrences
prayfornice         1 occurrences
prayfor             1 occurrences
prayforhumanity     1 occurrences
spurious            1 occurrences
niceyou             1 occurrences
sideshoots          1 occurrences
problemthat         1 occurrences
hindu               1 occurrences
uppoliticians       1 occurrences
destabilised        3 occurrences
reminds             4 occurrences
toleratedwell       1 occurrences
perpetual           2 occurrences
timewe              1 occurrences
slowfrench          1 occurrences
niceattack          1 occurrences
pictwittercomkybedufklw1 occurrences
tolerant            2 occurrences
airways             1 occurrences
peoplemuslim        1 occurrences
shouldertoshoulder  2 occurrences
reminding           2 occurrences
islamas             1 occurrences
credence            1 occurrences
fiche               1 occurrences
isishe              2 occurrences
frenchtunisians     1 occurrences
tunisianfrench      1 occurrences
himselfvia          1 occurrences
hacktivist          1 occurrences
gearing             3 occurrences
survivalscott       1 occurrences
arch                3 occurrences
happenscott         1 occurrences
origionally         1 occurrences
messagethe          1 occurrences
brutality           6 occurrences
alton               3 occurrences
sterling            3 occurrences
philando            1 occurrences
castile             1 occurrences
disobedience        1 occurrences
protestto           1 occurrences
intimidatedto       1 occurrences
lifeonce            1 occurrences
injustices          7 occurrences
dayofrage           1 occurrences
plannedplease       1 occurrences
fridayphoenix       1 occurrences
eastlake            1 occurrences
tuscon              1 occurrences
catalina            2 occurrences
tucson              7 occurrences
luther              6 occurrences
mcallister          1 occurrences
oakland             4 occurrences
ogawa               2 occurrences
leimert             2 occurrences
blvd                3 occurrences
pkwy                1 occurrences
decatur             2 occurrences
tampa               14 occurrences
hillsborough        1 occurrences
twiggs              1 occurrences
eola                1 occurrences
rosalind            1 occurrences
gwen                1 occurrences
cherry              1 occurrences
daley               1 occurrences
des                 10 occurrences
moines              4 occurrences
lafayette           1 occurrences
pratt               1 occurrences
martius             1 occurrences
lansing             3 occurrences
diag                1 occurrences
plymouth            1 occurrences
goodale             1 occurrences
pioneer             7 occurrences
citycounty          1 occurrences
nashville           7 occurrences
estes               8 occurrences
kefauver            1 occurrences
sciences            6 occurrences
redwood             1 occurrences
dineen              1 occurrences
wisconsinht         1 occurrences
survival            3 occurrences
intentionally       13 occurrences
drivebys            1 occurrences
timely              7 occurrences
presidentialeven    1 occurrences
pestering           1 occurrences
speechbut           1 occurrences
highminded          1 occurrences
blows               2 occurrences
smithereens         1 occurrences
hackery             1 occurrences
impression          8 occurrences
healer              2 occurrences
unifier             1 occurrences
pivot               3 occurrences
sayand              1 occurrences
absorbing           1 occurrences
punch               1 occurrences
preceded            3 occurrences
beforehandbut       1 occurrences
driveby             1 occurrences
unify               2 occurrences
stupendous          1 occurrences
equivalence         3 occurrences
proclaim            1 occurrences
interruptionwell    1 occurrences
grief               6 occurrences
fullspeed           1 occurrences
obamathey           1 occurrences
negatives           2 occurrences
problack            1 occurrences
gentle              2 occurrences
excitedly           1 occurrences
eagerly             2 occurrences
anticipating        1 occurrences
freshman            4 occurrences
streetand           1 occurrences
deferential         1 occurrences
panthers            4 occurrences
lieeverything       1 occurrences
fergusonafter       2 occurrences
inarguably          1 occurrences
dope                1 occurrences
shootingeverything  1 occurrences
truewhat            1 occurrences
beenthis            1 occurrences
promulgate          1 occurrences
misinformation      1 occurrences
fomenting           1 occurrences
quell               2 occurrences
shortlivedand       1 occurrences
subdued             1 occurrences
redirected          1 occurrences
garner              5 occurrences
chokehold           2 occurrences
knockoff            2 occurrences
cigarettesfor       1 occurrences
quelled             1 occurrences
tooyou              1 occurrences
rapidly             6 occurrences
platformsplatforms  1 occurrences
dominates           1 occurrences
tempers             1 occurrences
radicalness         1 occurrences
proclamations       3 occurrences
oppositionwhen      1 occurrences
guardrails          1 occurrences
descending          1 occurrences
glock               1 occurrences
provocative         4 occurrences
controli            1 occurrences
buckle              3 occurrences
naalcp              3 occurrences
colored             3 occurrences
prominently         3 occurrences
micah               4 occurrences
othersso            1 occurrences
lynched             1 occurrences
unityfor            1 occurrences
rushlimbaughcom     1 occurrences
inyourface          1 occurrences
seethe              1 occurrences
tackling            4 occurrences
lamethe             1 occurrences
expelled            3 occurrences
policeman           3 occurrences
detailkirby         1 occurrences
unprovoked          1 occurrences
disguise            1 occurrences
spokeswomankirby    1 occurrences
unidentified        5 occurrences
deniesrelations     1 occurrences
annexed             2 occurrences
crimean             1 occurrences
refresher           1 occurrences
kills               1 occurrences
jackwagonsduring    1 occurrences
johnsonobama        1 occurrences
untangle            4 occurrences
firmly              6 occurrences
presidentpresident  1 occurrences
harnessing          1 occurrences
federalize          5 occurrences
attackthose         1 occurrences
surfaces            1 occurrences
wrestle             2 occurrences
saidobama           8 occurrences
touting             2 occurrences
cajoled             1 occurrences
federalrun          1 occurrences
healthsector        1 occurrences
obamacareobama      1 occurrences
insulate            1 occurrences
federalized         1 occurrences
rejection           6 occurrences
anticop             5 occurrences
dallaspresident     1 occurrences
shrugged            1 occurrences
feeds               3 occurrences
psychologists       1 occurrences
inexcusable         1 occurrences
panther             4 occurrences
occupy              6 occurrences
succeeds            2 occurrences
fatal               9 occurrences
situational         3 occurrences
bossier             1 occurrences
caddo               1 occurrences
policetitled        1 occurrences
shreveport          2 occurrences
fouo                1 occurrences
commenta            1 occurrences
slaton              3 occurrences
depicting           4 occurrences
masked              1 occurrences
shi                 1 occurrences
watchmeanwhile      1 occurrences
altercation         2 occurrences
pig                 7 occurrences
hayride             7 occurrences
reportcheck         1 occurrences
outoftowners        1 occurrences
wreak               2 occurrences
worries             8 occurrences
swear               1 occurrences
thursdaythe         1 occurrences
untruthful          1 occurrences
investigationsyet   1 occurrences
mica                1 occurrences
lawmakersunder      1 occurrences
dismay              2 occurrences
staunch             3 occurrences
electronically      4 occurrences
confessions         4 occurrences
surreptitiously     1 occurrences
memothe             1 occurrences
saidcomey           1 occurrences
sessionvia          2 occurrences
possibilitylast     1 occurrences
propositions        1 occurrences
cease               4 occurrences
glance              1 occurrences
narrow              4 occurrences
proponents          3 occurrences
dictating           3 occurrences
jarvis              1 occurrences
hjta                1 occurrences
propose             5 occurrences
transform           9 occurrences
unlimited           6 occurrences
accenture           1 occurrences
airbnb              1 occurrences
chobani             2 occurrences
coursera            1 occurrences
ibm                 2 occurrences
linkedin            2 occurrences
mastercard          2 occurrences
tripadvisor         1 occurrences
prepaid             1 occurrences
enablement          2 occurrences
ageoutside          1 occurrences
mentions            4 occurrences
transport           18 occurrences
pathways            2 occurrences
sponsorships        3 occurrences
scholars            2 occurrences
callerrush          1 occurrences
traceability        1 occurrences
slots               2 occurrences
rca                 1 occurrences
siriusxm            3 occurrences
willful             4 occurrences
saidwe              1 occurrences
pardoned            4 occurrences
depicted            3 occurrences
flaunted            1 occurrences
itvia               5 occurrences
hearted             1 occurrences
guythe              1 occurrences
edition             7 occurrences
optics              2 occurrences
drink               3 occurrences
beer                6 occurrences
underhanded         3 occurrences
deleting            2 occurrences
jobthe              3 occurrences
ambassadors         2 occurrences
grenell             2 occurrences
diploma             1 occurrences
carefulness         1 occurrences
blakeman            2 occurrences
scheduler           1 occurrences
shredding           2 occurrences
hannan              13 occurrences
amanpour            6 occurrences
combative           2 occurrences
brexit              10 occurrences
insinuating         1 occurrences
boycott             3 occurrences
cnnheat             1 occurrences
morebritish         1 occurrences
mep                 1 occurrences
smacking            4 occurrences
journalistdaniel    1 occurrences
christiane          1 occurrences
misrepresentationsthe1 occurrences
accomplishedhere    1 occurrences
rudeness            1 occurrences
ridiculousness      2 occurrences
anointing           1 occurrences
interviewlynch      1 occurrences
courtshe            1 occurrences
housein             1 occurrences
culpritsmost        1 occurrences
jiaqiang            1 occurrences
industries          20 occurrences
preyed              1 occurrences
labors              1 occurrences
pawn                1 occurrences
frederick           1 occurrences
farmhouse           1 occurrences
dairy               5 occurrences
randy               2 occurrences
sowers              7 occurrences
backthe             3 occurrences
structuring         4 occurrences
structuringthe      1 occurrences
broadcasts          3 occurrences
locally             4 occurrences
farm                24 occurrences
creamery            1 occurrences
festivalin          1 occurrences
seizure             8 occurrences
suitby              1 occurrences
hesitant            3 occurrences
mired               4 occurrences
mayanother          1 occurrences
calvin              1 occurrences
petitioned          3 occurrences
refundon            1 occurrences
halperin            2 occurrences
weekhalperin        1 occurrences
mistakejust         1 occurrences
markhalperin        1 occurrences
atty                1 occurrences
morningjoe          1 occurrences
recusing            1 occurrences
breitbartmeanwhile  1 occurrences
saidlynch           1 occurrences
underscores         4 occurrences
nomineeby           1 occurrences
promising           12 occurrences
investigatorsher    1 occurrences
reinforce           3 occurrences
bythebook           1 occurrences
dominant            5 occurrences
traillynch          1 occurrences
capehart            1 occurrences
aspen               7 occurrences
waterboarding       1 occurrences
cable               2 occurrences
dishonesty          3 occurrences
adequate            9 occurrences
sep                 2 occurrences
attackin            1 occurrences
solicitations       1 occurrences
governmentyet       1 occurrences
qualifiedsen        1 occurrences
entertainer         1 occurrences
teleprompter        2 occurrences
staying             16 occurrences
geoff               2 occurrences
lax                 6 occurrences
emailswatch         1 occurrences
subjected           9 occurrences
toa                 1 occurrences
passwords           3 occurrences
periods             3 occurrences
datadatto           1 occurrences
platte              4 occurrences
momandpop           1 occurrences
systemspeaking      1 occurrences
datto               9 occurrences
nowhere             8 occurrences
statea              2 occurrences
happenthe           1 occurrences
excoriating         2 occurrences
accountclinton      1 occurrences
industrybut         1 occurrences
failings            3 occurrences
servicesthe         2 occurrences
securestaff         1 occurrences
unoccupied          1 occurrences
saidand             4 occurrences
passa               1 occurrences
tamarin             1 occurrences
costeffectively     1 occurrences
securityone         1 occurrences
startup             1 occurrences
peddling            2 occurrences
gunwalking          2 occurrences
roi                 1 occurrences
tracing             1 occurrences
unregistered        2 occurrences
possessing          3 occurrences
prosecutorial       6 occurrences
seller              3 occurrences
governmentso        1 occurrences
gpwhy               1 occurrences
weekattorney        1 occurrences
halfhour            2 occurrences
reportingthe        1 occurrences
conferencethe       2 occurrences
golfhere            1 occurrences
culpable            4 occurrences
sickeningremember   1 occurrences
arb                 3 occurrences
pickering           3 occurrences
sacking             1 occurrences
consulate           5 occurrences
lowlevel            7 occurrences
insteadaccording    1 occurrences
reportscheryl       1 occurrences
reviewers           2 occurrences
deviate             1 occurrences
thoroughness        1 occurrences
schieffer           1 occurrences
higherranking       1 occurrences
rested              3 occurrences
hmmm                4 occurrences
grasp               2 occurrences
elves               1 occurrences
tap                 3 occurrences
dance               1 occurrences
newsflash           3 occurrences
aesthetically       3 occurrences
pleasing            5 occurrences
chiefhouse          1 occurrences
housley             1 occurrences
beltfed             1 occurrences
examplewatchvia     1 occurrences
merkel              24 occurrences
saxony              2 occurrences
mastermind          5 occurrences
departmentabdel     1 occurrences
wahab               2 occurrences
rahabi              3 occurrences
montenegroal        1 occurrences
pursues             1 occurrences
endofadministration 1 occurrences
downthe             4 occurrences
shutter             2 occurrences
roulette            1 occurrences
kirk                5 occurrences
rehab               1 occurrences
ibrahim             2 occurrences
alqosi              2 occurrences
resurfaced          2 occurrences
arabian             3 occurrences
recruiter           1 occurrences
lectured            1 occurrences
cats                4 occurrences
antiestablishment   2 occurrences
invasion            27 occurrences
hometowns           2 occurrences
sentiment           11 occurrences
catches             1 occurrences
bode                1 occurrences
nonestablishment    1 occurrences
gudni               1 occurrences
johannesson         4 occurrences
iceland             8 occurrences
riding              8 occurrences
eclipsed            3 occurrences
eagerlyanticipated  1 occurrences
euro                5 occurrences
matchthe            1 occurrences
newcomer            1 occurrences
trailed             1 occurrences
businesswoman       1 occurrences
tomasdottir         1 occurrences
ruvjohannesson      1 occurrences
offshore            2 occurrences
implicated          4 occurrences
icelandic           2 occurrences
resignthroughout    1 occurrences
emphasised          2 occurrences
woesthe             1 occurrences
sundaydavid         1 occurrences
oddsson             1 occurrences
akureyri            1 occurrences
gretar              1 occurrences
eythorsson          1 occurrences
afpthe              1 occurrences
ceremonial          2 occurrences
autumnbut           1 occurrences
fuelled             1 occurrences
ousting             2 occurrences
sigmundur           1 occurrences
gunnlaugsson        1 occurrences
dissipated          1 occurrences
euphoria            1 occurrences
tournamenta         1 occurrences
austria             16 occurrences
mondaybritain       1 occurrences
headlined           3 occurrences
laterlike           1 occurrences
brookings           2 occurrences
widereaching        1 occurrences
respondentsthreefourths1 occurrences
curtailed           1 occurrences
protectionism       2 occurrences
fronts              2 occurrences
broached            1 occurrences
whites              21 occurrences
thenprime           1 occurrences
gordon              7 occurrences
serfdom             2 occurrences
americadaniel       1 occurrences
europeanizing       1 occurrences
squeeze             2 occurrences
morality            4 occurrences
cradletograve       1 occurrences
europeanization     1 occurrences
inevitable          5 occurrences
genius              2 occurrences
dod                 21 occurrences
bogus               7 occurrences
holland             4 occurrences
saidhouse           1 occurrences
favordod            1 occurrences
distraction         5 occurrences
threatsexperts      1 occurrences
changevia           1 occurrences
ecowatch            1 occurrences
foot                7 occurrences
unwelcome           1 occurrences
ukip                4 occurrences
nigel               5 occurrences
farage              8 occurrences
queue               4 occurrences
swaying             1 occurrences
britons             1 occurrences
brexitcomparing     1 occurrences
postbrexit          1 occurrences
unwanted            5 occurrences
unloved             1 occurrences
neighbours          2 occurrences
threatciting        1 occurrences
cameronthe          1 occurrences
learnt              1 occurrences
backfiredand        1 occurrences
breitbartwatch      1 occurrences
threathttpsyoutubewdsgtfwgegrepublican1 occurrences
referendum          6 occurrences
timed               2 occurrences
hurry               5 occurrences
ukus                2 occurrences
furore              1 occurrences
campaigners         6 occurrences
liam                1 occurrences
gosh                1 occurrences
bashes              1 occurrences
detest              3 occurrences
executioner         2 occurrences
wronged             2 occurrences
obamaa              1 occurrences
favors              8 occurrences
seniors             4 occurrences
monththe            2 occurrences
bop                 11 occurrences
inmates             17 occurrences
reimbursement       7 occurrences
solicits            1 occurrences
americansin         1 occurrences
inmate              2 occurrences
salaried            2 occurrences
benchmark           1 occurrences
saysread            2 occurrences
bbbut               1 occurrences
flick               2 occurrences
shadows             5 occurrences
statesstanding      1 occurrences
lectern             2 occurrences
republicancontrolled8 occurrences
overhaul            6 occurrences
lawsbut             1 occurrences
overstepped         3 occurrences
freezes             3 occurrences
limbomr             1 occurrences
campaigned          6 occurrences
deportationinstead  1 occurrences
legacies            2 occurrences
raids               18 occurrences
deportationsmr      1 occurrences
homehillary         1 occurrences
complicate          3 occurrences
fallbut             1 occurrences
yield               6 occurrences
energize            2 occurrences
candidatesthe       1 occurrences
promisemr           1 occurrences
statesfor           2 occurrences
unilaterally        14 occurrences
broadening          1 occurrences
unionstyle          1 occurrences
matteroccupy        1 occurrences
sitin               5 occurrences
occupying           4 occurrences
gohmert             10 occurrences
rtx                 8 occurrences
fernando            3 occurrences
senatethough        1 occurrences
retake              1 occurrences
lewis               7 occurrences
dga                 1 occurrences
hinted              1 occurrences
gunsthe             1 occurrences
policiesrep         1 occurrences
heckling            1 occurrences
californian         1 occurrences
regulationsvia      1 occurrences
staging             1 occurrences
carts               1 occurrences
chickfila           7 occurrences
toted               1 occurrences
mateen              18 occurrences
lgbtq               2 occurrences
makeover            1 occurrences
tmzwe               1 occurrences
feast               1 occurrences
cloak               1 occurrences
controlattorney     1 occurrences
denn                2 occurrences
dhss                3 occurrences
investigationtwo    1 occurrences
sentencedbased      1 occurrences
fictitious          1 occurrences
varying             3 occurrences
castle              4 occurrences
discountthese       1 occurrences
monthslong          2 occurrences
intensified         4 occurrences
indepth             4 occurrences
frawley             1 occurrences
phillip             1 occurrences
casale              1 occurrences
reardon             1 occurrences
kelleher            1 occurrences
irwin               1 occurrences
brittney            1 occurrences
ketler              1 occurrences
ciritella           1 occurrences
weredetrich         1 occurrences
simmonsheath        1 occurrences
chestertown         1 occurrences
falsifying          6 occurrences
kamilah             1 occurrences
arejo               1 occurrences
ellen               6 occurrences
edwards             9 occurrences
felton              1 occurrences
shirlene            1 occurrences
pendingnicole       1 occurrences
dover               3 occurrences
sentencedallison    1 occurrences
rivera              2 occurrences
pled                4 occurrences
restitution         4 occurrences
angelette           1 occurrences
camden              4 occurrences
repay               4 occurrences
tookread            1 occurrences
gina                9 occurrences
greenfest           1 occurrences
deniers             6 occurrences
hang                3 occurrences
bucket              2 occurrences
tuesdayin           1 occurrences
bump                5 occurrences
methodone           1 occurrences
mccaw               1 occurrences
applauded           2 occurrences
bans                10 occurrences
mccawearlier        1 occurrences
volunteering        1 occurrences
forums              2 occurrences
vin                 2 occurrences
scully              2 occurrences
socialismepic       1 occurrences
bubbaprog           1 occurrences
exceptionhere       1 occurrences
backstory           2 occurrences
brazillian          1 occurrences
drained             1 occurrences
economythe          1 occurrences
dilma               3 occurrences
rousseff            5 occurrences
cooking             3 occurrences
electionyear        2 occurrences
stateowned          2 occurrences
policiesthose       1 occurrences
retool              1 occurrences
ninthlargest        2 occurrences
compete             8 occurrences
recessionrousseff   1 occurrences
coattails           1 occurrences
luiz                1 occurrences
cio                 2 occurrences
lula                1 occurrences
silva               3 occurrences
exceeded            12 occurrences
minerals            4 occurrences
antipoverty         3 occurrences
sustainableunfortunately1 occurrences
tangled             3 occurrences
nypfast             1 occurrences
todayrio            1 occurrences
janeiro             5 occurrences
rio                 8 occurrences
leeway              1 occurrences
olympic             4 occurrences
gamesfrancisco      1 occurrences
dornelles           2 occurrences
lawsthe             2 occurrences
exceptional         9 occurrences
grapples            1 occurrences
recessionthe        1 occurrences
dip                 2 occurrences
royalties           2 occurrences
paralympic          1 occurrences
difficulties        7 occurrences
saidrio             1 occurrences
straits             2 occurrences
underfunded         4 occurrences
retirees            9 occurrences
moneyread           2 occurrences
assimilate          9 occurrences
arabic              3 occurrences
dataa               1 occurrences
chart               5 occurrences
bangladesh          3 occurrences
nonimmigrant        3 occurrences
temporarily         9 occurrences
overstayed          1 occurrences
visasregardless     1 occurrences
pacebetween         1 occurrences
muslimmajority      4 occurrences
fastest             6 occurrences
migrantsgreen       1 occurrences
residency           11 occurrences
totals              3 occurrences
tanf                4 occurrences
progressives        8 occurrences
dwv                 1 occurrences
progun              3 occurrences
frankappearing      1 occurrences
filibustered        1 occurrences
manchinmanchin      1 occurrences
gibbered            1 occurrences
incoherently        1 occurrences
cleareda            1 occurrences
commentbut          2 occurrences
boobs               1 occurrences
safeit              1 occurrences
rulers              3 occurrences
pretext             2 occurrences
fourteenth          2 occurrences
clauses             2 occurrences
slate               2 occurrences
recognizesif        1 occurrences
revoke              4 occurrences
notoriously         3 occurrences
associating         2 occurrences
likeminded          3 occurrences
recourse            4 occurrences
allthat             1 occurrences
alldiscarding       1 occurrences
vox                 2 occurrences
emmett              1 occurrences
rensin              1 occurrences
abolish             3 occurrences
disarming           2 occurrences
confiscate          2 occurrences
propertylet         1 occurrences
prince              18 occurrences
throats             5 occurrences
rwi                 6 occurrences
floated             2 occurrences
exceeds             4 occurrences
approvalreally      1 occurrences
yearryan            1 occurrences
exert               3 occurrences
rick                9 occurrences
mooch               13 occurrences
ebola               3 occurrences
actresses           1 occurrences
meryl               1 occurrences
streep              2 occurrences
frieda              1 occurrences
pinto               3 occurrences
sasha               5 occurrences
malia               5 occurrences
morocco             5 occurrences
marian              6 occurrences
margibi             1 occurrences
marrakech           2 occurrences
morroco             1 occurrences
releasepinto        1 occurrences
oscarwinning        2 occurrences
slumdog             1 occurrences
millionaire         2 occurrences
unification         1 occurrences
obstacles           3 occurrences
attaining           1 occurrences
liberian            1 occurrences
sirleafobama        1 occurrences
kakata              1 occurrences
liberiathe          1 occurrences
isha                1 occurrences
sesay               1 occurrences
highlighting        3 occurrences
letizia             1 occurrences
spainaccording      1 occurrences
airfare             2 occurrences
botswana            1 occurrences
feesthe             1 occurrences
threecountry        1 occurrences
officestreep        1 occurrences
breitbarthas        1 occurrences
ungrateful          1 occurrences
vacations           12 occurrences
granny              1 occurrences
hsac                2 occurrences
medialaila          1 occurrences
alawa               6 occurrences
newlyformed         1 occurrences
terminology         3 occurrences
terrorismalawa      1 occurrences
commemorated        1 occurrences
fuck                3 occurrences
newsfeed            1 occurrences
adapt               3 occurrences
anarchists          1 occurrences
whitesupremacists   1 occurrences
differing           2 occurrences
takfir              1 occurrences
umma                1 occurrences
muslimstwo          1 occurrences
combatting          2 occurrences
interception        2 occurrences
highlyclassified    2 occurrences
prima               1 occurrences
facie               1 occurrences
highlysecret        1 occurrences
ussources           1 occurrences
deptartment         1 occurrences
policythe           3 occurrences
sec                 4 occurrences
petraeus            9 occurrences
headers             1 occurrences
avoidance           2 occurrences
factor              9 occurrences
oilpricecom         1 occurrences
mir                 1 occurrences
siddique            1 occurrences
pierce              2 occurrences
worshipped          1 occurrences
tablighi            1 occurrences
jamaal              1 occurrences
organizationsbut    1 occurrences
clintonran          1 occurrences
analytical          2 occurrences
fourhour            3 occurrences
sundayin            1 occurrences
mosqueboth          1 occurrences
morphed             1 occurrences
proxy               2 occurrences
topple              1 occurrences
bashir              1 occurrences
salafist            1 occurrences
aqi                 1 occurrences
insurgency          2 occurrences
gulf                15 occurrences
greta               4 occurrences
susteren            4 occurrences
invaded             5 occurrences
mujahideen          1 occurrences
stinger             1 occurrences
vans                7 occurrences
otm                 3 occurrences
plc                 1 occurrences
usheadquarters      1 occurrences
jupiter             3 occurrences
fla                 3 occurrences
revenueshortly      1 occurrences
saddened            6 occurrences
unspeakable         3 occurrences
tragedy             8 occurrences
watchlist           1 occurrences
grade               6 occurrences
equipmentbut        1 occurrences
vanloads            1 occurrences
classifies          2 occurrences
otms                7 occurrences
greyhound           2 occurrences
buckeye             2 occurrences
roadand             1 occurrences
emerges             2 occurrences
abovementioned      2 occurrences
floridajudicial     1 occurrences
phoenixoutraged     1 occurrences
droves              4 occurrences
gil                 1 occurrences
kerlikowske         3 occurrences
catchandrelease     1 occurrences
scolding            3 occurrences
bandon              1 occurrences
judd                4 occurrences
formalitiesmeanwhile1 occurrences
untouched           2 occurrences
coworkers           3 occurrences
hedgeshares         1 occurrences
fallers             1 occurrences
marketsjasper       1 occurrences
lawler              2 occurrences
cmc                 1 occurrences
proportion          6 occurrences
attackflorida       1 occurrences
plotted             4 occurrences
accountableon       1 occurrences
rejecting           8 occurrences
paved               3 occurrences
lawmakersflorida    1 occurrences
crisafulli          1 occurrences
counterterror       1 occurrences
governed            1 occurrences
statelevel          2 occurrences
levelwhile          1 occurrences
surviving           2 occurrences
tool                15 occurrences
holton              1 occurrences
policysunday        1 occurrences
exemployee          1 occurrences
tearful             1 occurrences
injury              10 occurrences
shining             3 occurrences
libertyville        1 occurrences
wellpublicized      2 occurrences
episodes            2 occurrences
visasbut            1 occurrences
silentuntil         1 occurrences
severance           4 occurrences
prohibiting         4 occurrences
employersmarco      1 occurrences
laboratories        1 occurrences
badges              15 occurrences
departing           4 occurrences
nondisparagement    2 occurrences
clausemr            1 occurrences
treelined           1 occurrences
blanket             4 occurrences
eroding             1 occurrences
ousted              7 occurrences
secondhighestranking1 occurrences
layoffs             5 occurrences
fearful             3 occurrences
sheena              1 occurrences
dowd                1 occurrences
sensor              2 occurrences
operator            9 occurrences
derision            1 occurrences
gopled              2 occurrences
duplicative         1 occurrences
radiothe            1 occurrences
callerin            1 occurrences
hedger              3 occurrences
expending           1 occurrences
circled             2 occurrences
wagons              2 occurrences
claire              2 occurrences
mccaskill           2 occurrences
callervia           1 occurrences
hurtful             1 occurrences
designation         7 occurrences
fuming              1 occurrences
pejorative          1 occurrences
doublespeak         1 occurrences
usewell             1 occurrences
catalogs            1 occurrences
millionitem         1 occurrences
traction            3 occurrences
republicandominated 1 occurrences
headings            3 occurrences
legislated          1 occurrences
tiresome            1 occurrences
demonizing          4 occurrences
wising              2 occurrences
eulogy              3 occurrences
figuratively        1 occurrences
firstthe            2 occurrences
preaches            1 occurrences
housesit            1 occurrences
illegallycomedian   1 occurrences
sneaked             1 occurrences
lowkey              2 occurrences
champ               1 occurrences
boxer               3 occurrences
kfc                 2 occurrences
yum                 1 occurrences
empowerment         7 occurrences
resentment          4 occurrences
chickens            3 occurrences
baffle              1 occurrences
staffthe            1 occurrences
stall               3 occurrences
latercopies         1 occurrences
governmenta         1 occurrences
prolific            2 occurrences
rajiv               1 occurrences
qualification       4 occurrences
isab                1 occurrences
trader              2 occurrences
investing           5 occurrences
henderson           12 occurrences
injustice           9 occurrences
whiny               1 occurrences
drivel              1 occurrences
therapy             4 occurrences
ledge               1 occurrences
wussification       2 occurrences
hardened            4 occurrences
pumped              4 occurrences
liberalism          3 occurrences
veins               1 occurrences
gutwrenching        1 occurrences
furthest            2 occurrences
suburbs             12 occurrences
murderedstephen     1 occurrences
pulitzer            1 occurrences
prizewinning        1 occurrences
disagreesthe        1 occurrences
insolvent           1 occurrences
publicunioncontrolled1 occurrences
educationyesterday  1 occurrences
abysmally           1 occurrences
constrain           1 occurrences
perpetuate          4 occurrences
charterschool       1 occurrences
experiment          6 occurrences
sew                 2 occurrences
burlap              1 occurrences
sacks               1 occurrences
rabid               5 occurrences
mackinacthat        1 occurrences
maybebut            1 occurrences
romans              1 occurrences
greeks              5 occurrences
solicitous          1 occurrences
unprincipled        1 occurrences
officialsand        1 occurrences
debunked            1 occurrences
freeforall          2 occurrences
marketbased         1 occurrences
schooling           3 occurrences
parentsit           1 occurrences
garbageit           1 occurrences
boughtandpaidfor    1 occurrences
maladroit           1 occurrences
cotter              1 occurrences
soul                2 occurrences
highbidding         1 occurrences
devos               1 occurrences
moneyin             1 occurrences
crass               1 occurrences
asunder             2 occurrences
depopulation        1 occurrences
charters            2 occurrences
willynilly          1 occurrences
traditioal          1 occurrences
alternatives        5 occurrences
outperform          1 occurrences
bragging            1 occurrences
sliver              1 occurrences
rollonthefloor      1 occurrences
condescending       3 occurrences
heartily            1 occurrences
calcified           1 occurrences
inequalityit        1 occurrences
oldschool           1 occurrences
retributive         1 occurrences
responsea           1 occurrences
sack                2 occurrences
lakeno              1 occurrences
lover               1 occurrences
weep                1 occurrences
outcomestephen      1 occurrences
commentarygop       1 occurrences
harlots             1 occurrences
dps                 3 occurrences
shendersonfreep     1 occurrences
norwegian           7 occurrences
radicalized         7 occurrences
reunited            2 occurrences
outragemarius       1 occurrences
bodnariu            1 occurrences
pentecostal         1 occurrences
bucharest           1 occurrences
naustdal            1 occurrences
marius              6 occurrences
bodnarius           5 occurrences
threemonthold       3 occurrences
welltwo             1 occurrences
integrating         1 occurrences
reportedy           1 occurrences
radicalism          2 occurrences
instigated          1 occurrences
punishes            1 occurrences
sin                 1 occurrences
accordingly         3 occurrences
occasional          3 occurrences
xrays               2 occurrences
claimsa             1 occurrences
visitation          1 occurrences
actionmeanwhile     1 occurrences
ordealon            1 occurrences
titus               1 occurrences
corlatean           2 occurrences
paec                1 occurrences
splitting           1 occurrences
groundless          1 occurrences
accusationsmarius   1 occurrences
writesi             1 occurrences
imaginable          1 occurrences
barnevernet         1 occurrences
rests               3 occurrences
sotomayoras         1 occurrences
presiding           4 occurrences
outed               3 occurrences
disservice          3 occurrences
racistwashington    1 occurrences
sandra              4 occurrences
nomineesher         1 occurrences
olmos               1 occurrences
hearingthis         1 occurrences
bloggers            3 occurrences
adler               1 occurrences
remarksrepublicans  1 occurrences
microscope          2 occurrences
empathy             4 occurrences
injecting           3 occurrences
lawjudge            1 occurrences
physiological       1 occurrences
jurists             1 occurrences
nonwhite            2 occurrences
reflecting          2 occurrences
cautionary          1 occurrences
caseshe             1 occurrences
uniformly           1 occurrences
prejudices          1 occurrences
aspired             1 occurrences
impartialitystill   1 occurrences
begs                5 occurrences
differ              4 occurrences
screw               2 occurrences
monthlong           1 occurrences
fasting             1 occurrences
blessed             6 occurrences
townhall            1 occurrences
flock               2 occurrences
togetherdirty       1 occurrences
scumbags            2 occurrences
springthe           1 occurrences
tppthe              1 occurrences
delaying            5 occurrences
clintonera          2 occurrences
documentsclinton    1 occurrences
cables              3 occurrences
disputed            4 occurrences
placewhile          1 occurrences
tpprelated          1 occurrences
ibt                 1 occurrences
shaping             4 occurrences
crafting            2 occurrences
lawsvia             1 occurrences
indigenous          7 occurrences
peoples             8 occurrences
frickin             1 occurrences
northampton         3 occurrences
americas            3 occurrences
educating           6 occurrences
educators           1 occurrences
councilor           1 occurrences
alisa               1 occurrences
amherst             2 occurrences
kmovcom             1 occurrences
kmov                1 occurrences
ransacking          1 occurrences
candy               4 occurrences
geez                1 occurrences
excerpt             7 occurrences
documentaryinprogress1 occurrences
uncovers            1 occurrences
asinine             1 occurrences
equalityis          1 occurrences
braindead           1 occurrences
outcomesdespite     1 occurrences
athletics           2 occurrences
benjilater          1 occurrences
remainedfinancial   1 occurrences
lacked              7 occurrences
outcomesmost        1 occurrences
selfdoubt           1 occurrences
dollop              1 occurrences
multimillionairei   1 occurrences
starring            1 occurrences
cate                1 occurrences
blanchett           1 occurrences
blanchettspeaking   1 occurrences
venture             4 occurrences
deter               8 occurrences
wouldbe             8 occurrences
personality         4 occurrences
enjoyable           1 occurrences
nonactor            1 occurrences
longshot            3 occurrences
exactor             3 occurrences
thick               3 occurrences
subsidizes          3 occurrences
lest                1 occurrences
benefitsbut         1 occurrences
careers             5 occurrences
prudently           1 occurrences
fancy               4 occurrences
addressalthough     1 occurrences
beyonce             3 occurrences
unequally           1 occurrences
charisma            1 occurrences
musical             3 occurrences
singers             1 occurrences
outcomescommunism   1 occurrences
collectivism        4 occurrences
possesses           2 occurrences
kindness            3 occurrences
aptitude            2 occurrences
marx                2 occurrences
implicitly          1 occurrences
giver               2 occurrences
giveethis           1 occurrences
equallylarry        1 occurrences
bestselling         2 occurrences
talkshow            2 occurrences
elderado            1 occurrences
wwwlarryeldercom    1 occurrences
larryeldervia       1 occurrences
unsuspecting        3 occurrences
consequence         11 occurrences
populating          2 occurrences
backwards           5 occurrences
uproar              3 occurrences
mirrored            2 occurrences
workingaccording    1 occurrences
immovable           1 occurrences
squatters           8 occurrences
pawns               1 occurrences
agendathe           3 occurrences
cbp                 8 occurrences
wrotethe            4 occurrences
roadthis            1 occurrences
snippet             3 occurrences
vanishing           2 occurrences
deportations        13 occurrences
operationa          1 occurrences
floridaoutraged     1 occurrences
oaths               1 occurrences
confess             2 occurrences
lyingthe            2 occurrences
evolved             1 occurrences
subversive          1 occurrences
beginningvia        1 occurrences
wells               6 occurrences
horrified           1 occurrences
motivates           2 occurrences
unconditional       4 occurrences
workpolls           1 occurrences
childthe            1 occurrences
alpine              3 occurrences
amountthe           1 occurrences
issueopponents      1 occurrences
explode             3 occurrences
measurebut          1 occurrences
monthly             12 occurrences
advances            5 occurrences
automation          1 occurrences
displace            3 occurrences
grandparents        10 occurrences
kundig              2 occurrences
foresee             2 occurrences
wackythat           1 occurrences
wyplosz             1 occurrences
agencynot           1 occurrences
idle                2 occurrences
entrepreneurship    2 occurrences
stimulant           1 occurrences
saidobservers       1 occurrences
ryder               4 occurrences
swell               2 occurrences
obsolete            1 occurrences
saidat              1 occurrences
theoretical         3 occurrences
decideso            1 occurrences
itdifferent         1 occurrences
models              5 occurrences
posited             1 occurrences
strongarming        1 occurrences
fruitloopsa         1 occurrences
deadlinesenate      1 occurrences
fossil              8 occurrences
deceived            3 occurrences
limitations         3 occurrences
extending           6 occurrences
indefinitely        2 occurrences
ucl                 1 occurrences
anthropogenic       1 occurrences
billread            1 occurrences
risky               6 occurrences
hen                 1 occurrences
huhbank             1 occurrences
administrationthe   5 occurrences
littleknown         1 occurrences
thatfor             1 occurrences
settlementamong     1 occurrences
rigging             2 occurrences
duffy               6 occurrences
rwis                1 occurrences
subcommitteethis    1 occurrences
donewhat            1 occurrences
payoffs             1 occurrences
alliesbut           1 occurrences
legitimized         1 occurrences
expend              1 occurrences
efort               1 occurrences
competitionhowever  1 occurrences
crapvia             1 occurrences
blur                3 occurrences
editing             3 occurrences
obesity             9 occurrences
dolling             1 occurrences
padres              2 occurrences
eightweek           2 occurrences
paternal            6 occurrences
parenting           10 occurrences
aroundthe           1 occurrences
linguisticallyappropriate2 occurrences
doled               4 occurrences
lunches             1 occurrences
adolescent          3 occurrences
tripled             6 occurrences
afri                1 occurrences
adolescents         1 occurrences
obese               1 occurrences
statesto            2 occurrences
epidemic            5 occurrences
chunk               4 occurrences
innovative          6 occurrences
demographic         12 occurrences
balancerelated      1 occurrences
evidencebased       1 occurrences
interventions       1 occurrences
modeled             3 occurrences
governmentfunded    1 occurrences
trainingread        1 occurrences
admonished          2 occurrences
polio               4 occurrences
measles             7 occurrences
flesh               1 occurrences
reevaluated         1 occurrences
precipitated        1 occurrences
outbreak            4 occurrences
flesheating         2 occurrences
plos                2 occurrences
newsmaking          1 occurrences
tuberculosis        22 occurrences
hepatitis           1 occurrences
infections          1 occurrences
vaccinepreventable  1 occurrences
diseases            6 occurrences
paralysed           1 occurrences
vaccine             1 occurrences
campaignin          3 occurrences
populationregarding 1 occurrences
leishmaniasis       9 occurrences
plop                4 occurrences
witnessing          5 occurrences
proportions         4 occurrences
additionally        6 occurrences
cutaneous           3 occurrences
underreported       2 occurrences
constraints         2 occurrences
violencetorn        2 occurrences
resultant           1 occurrences
awareness           19 occurrences
documentedvolcanolike1 occurrences
ulcersleishmaniasis 1 occurrences
protozoan           1 occurrences
sandflies           1 occurrences
usthere             1 occurrences
mucocutaneous       1 occurrences
visceral            1 occurrences
leishmaniasiscutaneous1 occurrences
manifests           1 occurrences
sores               2 occurrences
bumps               1 occurrences
nodules             1 occurrences
evolve              1 occurrences
volcanolike         1 occurrences
ulcersmucocutaneous 1 occurrences
ulcers              3 occurrences
mucosal             1 occurrences
mouthvisceral       1 occurrences
spleen              1 occurrences
liver               1 occurrences
affects             6 occurrences
marrowthreat        1 occurrences
usrefugees          1 occurrences
cdc                 8 occurrences
submit              13 occurrences
xray                1 occurrences
tuberculosisas      1 occurrences
syphilisthe         1 occurrences
asymptomatic        1 occurrences
yearsin             2 occurrences
epidemiologist      1 occurrences
departs             1 occurrences
usshe               1 occurrences
conceded            2 occurrences
lesions             1 occurrences
refugeesdr          1 occurrences
jane                2 occurrences
orient              2 occurrences
physicians          4 occurrences
surgeons            1 occurrences
tropical            2 occurrences
treatments          7 occurrences
sensible            3 occurrences
quarantined         1 occurrences
ellis               6 occurrences
vector              1 occurrences
invaders            6 occurrences
sweden              132 occurrences
multiculturalism    5 occurrences
liding              2 occurrences
countryfather       1 occurrences
uffe                1 occurrences
rustan              4 occurrences
voicemail           1 occurrences
municipality        6 occurrences
seekers             18 occurrences
evicted             2 occurrences
newspaperrustan     1 occurrences
rasmus              1 occurrences
linus               1 occurrences
rents               4 occurrences
worthless           2 occurrences
depressing          2 occurrences
wondered            7 occurrences
swedes              33 occurrences
garages             1 occurrences
turfing             1 occurrences
enjoying            2 occurrences
comforts            1 occurrences
germans             9 occurrences
telegraph           5 occurrences
eviction            1 occurrences
seekersread         1 occurrences
insignia            6 occurrences
paleerdogan         1 occurrences
insignias           1 occurrences
dictated            2 occurrences
resemble            1 occurrences
decadesforeign      1 occurrences
mevlut              1 occurrences
cavusoglu           2 occurrences
alnusra             3 occurrences
boko                4 occurrences
haram               4 occurrences
daesh               1 occurrences
sarcasm             5 occurrences
alarabiya           1 occurrences
confirmederdogan    1 occurrences
ypg                 2 occurrences
emblem              4 occurrences
commanders          6 occurrences
patches             2 occurrences
disguised           4 occurrences
kurdish             1 occurrences
ypgit               1 occurrences
corrective          4 occurrences
baghdadbased        1 occurrences
emblems             1 occurrences
swords              1 occurrences
twocrossed          1 occurrences
shoebat             1 occurrences
fosters             1 occurrences
esprit              1 occurrences
cjtfoir             1 occurrences
cjtf                1 occurrences
beings              10 occurrences
kerrythe            1 occurrences
fisherfolk          1 occurrences
livelihoodslick     1 occurrences
statesback          1 occurrences
drainage            3 occurrences
isle                1 occurrences
jean                3 occurrences
lowlying            1 occurrences
sinking             5 occurrences
albert              1 occurrences
naquin              2 occurrences
biloxichitimachachoctaw1 occurrences
tribe               4 occurrences
acres               13 occurrences
earlierin           1 occurrences
frontlining         1 occurrences
climbing            2 occurrences
submerged           1 occurrences
reunite             3 occurrences
relocating          4 occurrences
firstofitskind      2 occurrences
zahra               3 occurrences
billoo              4 occurrences
islamophobic        1 occurrences
boldness            2 occurrences
cower               3 occurrences
caircair            1 occurrences
muslimamericans     3 occurrences
militaryfor         1 occurrences
sacrificescair      1 occurrences
wiretaps            2 occurrences
herebilloo          1 occurrences
dayshe              1 occurrences
retweeting          1 occurrences
bigotryon           1 occurrences
slandered           2 occurrences
servicemen          4 occurrences
equated             2 occurrences
itimmigrant         1 occurrences
statusalabama       1 occurrences
yemenhomestead      1 occurrences
homestead           3 occurrences
miamidade           1 occurrences
southwest           5 occurrences
eighth              6 occurrences
avenuethe           1 occurrences
query               5 occurrences
balancejamil        1 occurrences
jamil               5 occurrences
nabil               2 occurrences
defraudnabil        1 occurrences
chargesfour         1 occurrences
fahmi               4 occurrences
husein              4 occurrences
abdalla             1 occurrences
adel                4 occurrences
arrestedvia         1 occurrences
recognizes          2 occurrences
shawn               2 occurrences
asthe               1 occurrences
averted             1 occurrences
verbal              6 occurrences
escalated           3 occurrences
demonstrate         6 occurrences
cabrera             3 occurrences
nbpc                7 occurrences
saidmoran           1 occurrences
pandering           1 occurrences
placating           1 occurrences
noticethe           1 occurrences
situationthe        2 occurrences
commenting          4 occurrences
creators            1 occurrences
despicable          2 occurrences
preservation        10 occurrences
bigelow             2 occurrences
prioritizes         2 occurrences
officersnato        1 occurrences
menus               1 occurrences
vey                 1 occurrences
enforcing           22 occurrences
icons               2 occurrences
goahead             1 occurrences
finesthe            1 occurrences
eateries            1 occurrences
requisite           2 occurrences
saltshakerlike      1 occurrences
menu                5 occurrences
ingesting           1 occurrences
daybut              4 occurrences
limbo               2 occurrences
commonsense         6 occurrences
appealedvia         1 occurrences
clarified           6 occurrences
herselfhillary      1 occurrences
abcpolitics         1 occurrences
circumvented        1 occurrences
securityretaining   1 occurrences
cfr                 2 occurrences
retain              5 occurrences
placeproperly       1 occurrences
archiving           1 occurrences
preserved           3 occurrences
recordkeeping       1 occurrences
archived            1 occurrences
wrotepreserving     1 occurrences
disposing           2 occurrences
manualclinton       1 occurrences
nonofficial         1 occurrences
naturethe           1 occurrences
oig                 22 occurrences
departmentother     1 occurrences
dispatches          2 occurrences
libyan              3 occurrences
countryuse          1 occurrences
departmentapproved  1 occurrences
ais                 1 occurrences
nonrepudiation      1 occurrences
authentication      2 occurrences
encryption          7 occurrences
availability        3 occurrences
manualaccording     1 occurrences
irm                 1 occurrences
fam                 2 occurrences
sensitivebutunclassified1 occurrences
transmitting        3 occurrences
transmissions       2 occurrences
sleptall            1 occurrences
pork                15 occurrences
suits               9 occurrences
engages             4 occurrences
emphatically        3 occurrences
nebulous            2 occurrences
stockpiles          3 occurrences
nukefree            1 occurrences
apologizes          1 occurrences
perpetrate          3 occurrences
diminished          3 occurrences
preworld            1 occurrences
scraps              1 occurrences
thunderbolt         1 occurrences
carriers            4 occurrences
rendering           2 occurrences
unguarded           1 occurrences
empty               7 occurrences
jihadfriendly       1 occurrences
deserter            4 occurrences
funerals            3 occurrences
unimportant         1 occurrences
commitmentsfinally  1 occurrences
lifetimethis        1 occurrences
marxism             3 occurrences
codify              4 occurrences
lawlate             1 occurrences
maloney             6 occurrences
codified            2 occurrences
transgenderism      4 occurrences
promulgated         2 occurrences
sever               2 occurrences
bathrooms           10 occurrences
unilateral          8 occurrences
arguably            3 occurrences
nightenshrining     1 occurrences
edict               1 occurrences
vanity              2 occurrences
reaffirming         1 occurrences
cpr                 1 occurrences
platformthe         1 occurrences
enda                1 occurrences
enshrining          2 occurrences
mandating           1 occurrences
adherence           3 occurrences
dogma               2 occurrences
absent              7 occurrences
ubiquitous          2 occurrences
propertyclearly     1 occurrences
whipping            1 occurrences
priorityonce        1 occurrences
sidebyside          1 occurrences
damagethey          1 occurrences
pitts               2 occurrences
seconddegree        1 occurrences
affirm              5 occurrences
byrne               2 occurrences
reaffirm            1 occurrences
edicts              1 occurrences
beliefsto           1 occurrences
existnow            1 occurrences
subpar              1 occurrences
antireligiousliberty1 occurrences
exclamation         1 occurrences
unforgivablevia     1 occurrences
reviewhere          1 occurrences
americaamash        1 occurrences
mibrooks            1 occurrences
coffman             1 occurrences
costello            6 occurrences
curbelo             1 occurrences
rodney              1 occurrences
denham              1 occurrences
dent                2 occurrences
diazbalara          1 occurrences
dold                1 occurrences
ildonovan           1 occurrences
emmer               1 occurrences
fitzpatrick         1 occurrences
pafrelinghuysen     1 occurrences
gibson              1 occurrences
hurd                1 occurrences
cajolly             1 occurrences
flkatko             1 occurrences
kinzinger           1 occurrences
illance             1 occurrences
lobiondo            1 occurrences
njmacarthur         1 occurrences
njmcsally           1 occurrences
meehan              1 occurrences
messer              1 occurrences
paulsen             1 occurrences
poliquin            1 occurrences
reichert            1 occurrences
renacci             1 occurrences
roslehtinen         1 occurrences
shims               1 occurrences
stefanik            1 occurrences
upton               1 occurrences
valadao             1 occurrences
walden              1 occurrences
walters             1 occurrences
mimi                1 occurrences
cayoung             1 occurrences
zelda               1 occurrences
nyvia               2 occurrences
reviewthe           1 occurrences
longawaited         2 occurrences
headacheinducing    1 occurrences
campaignwhile       1 occurrences
suffers             1 occurrences
dings               1 occurrences
emailthe            1 occurrences
fresh               10 occurrences
unfavorability      2 occurrences
pushback            3 occurrences
bagged              1 occurrences
donation            8 occurrences
reputationwhen      1 occurrences
lundin              4 occurrences
giustra             8 occurrences
warlords            2 occurrences
marxist             9 occurrences
rebels              18 occurrences
strongmen           2 occurrences
dictatorships       5 occurrences
wartorn             6 occurrences
congo               5 occurrences
ethiopiaa           1 occurrences
swedishcanadian     1 occurrences
diamonds            1 occurrences
zones               20 occurrences
commodities         2 occurrences
insurgencies        1 occurrences
despotic            1 occurrences
warlordswhen        1 occurrences
ethiopialundin      1 occurrences
harddriving         1 occurrences
audaciously         1 occurrences
mobutu              2 occurrences
sese                1 occurrences
seko                1 occurrences
fundsread           1 occurrences
unborn              11 occurrences
rendered            5 occurrences
sweeterin           1 occurrences
torresen            2 occurrences
procedurein         1 occurrences
contentbased        1 occurrences
restricts           2 occurrences
facially            1 occurrences
tmlc                6 occurrences
prolife             6 occurrences
courageously        1 occurrences
vietnam             22 occurrences
modest              7 occurrences
priest              7 occurrences
throws              5 occurrences
gesture             5 occurrences
prisonersvietnam    1 occurrences
longestserving      3 occurrences
pointnguyen         1 occurrences
hue                 1 occurrences
province            14 occurrences
phan                1 occurrences
loi                 1 occurrences
phonethe            1 occurrences
embargo             7 occurrences
hinge               1 occurrences
progressloi         1 occurrences
spiritsthe          1 occurrences
hanoi               1 occurrences
dissidents          6 occurrences
unconditionally     1 occurrences
vietnamese          6 occurrences
saidduring          1 occurrences
solitary            5 occurrences
strokes             1 occurrences
paralysisly         1 occurrences
antistate           1 occurrences
vaguely             1 occurrences
worded              3 occurrences
criticsthe          2 occurrences
harshest            2 occurrences
monopoly            8 occurrences
prodemocracy        2 occurrences
publicationshuman   1 occurrences
thorny              1 occurrences
dilemmas            1 occurrences
keen                5 occurrences
fastestgrowing      1 occurrences
jailing             4 occurrences
detractorsvia       1 occurrences
centrist            2 occurrences
norbert             1 occurrences
hofer               5 occurrences
winaustria          1 occurrences
momentous           1 occurrences
commenters          1 occurrences
aghast              1 occurrences
happierin           1 occurrences
futurelook          1 occurrences
ascendant           1 occurrences
comemake            1 occurrences
europewide          1 occurrences
phenomenon          6 occurrences
merkelshe           1 occurrences
penned              5 occurrences
rejects             6 occurrences
opendoor            2 occurrences
archaic             1 occurrences
womanbut            1 occurrences
selfgovern          2 occurrences
reassert            3 occurrences
sovereigntythese    1 occurrences
amorphous           1 occurrences
blancmange          1 occurrences
squares             2 occurrences
viewsand            1 occurrences
alonethe            1 occurrences
publicised          1 occurrences
valuables           3 occurrences
adverts             2 occurrences
lebanese            1 occurrences
denmarkthe          1 occurrences
advertises          1 occurrences
accommodates        1 occurrences
hotelsin            1 occurrences
finns               3 occurrences
spendingthe         1 occurrences
prioritises         1 occurrences
freemarine          1 occurrences
modernised          1 occurrences
mobilised           1 occurrences
attacksit           1 occurrences
lazy                6 occurrences
marginalise         2 occurrences
espouse             2 occurrences
risequestioning     1 occurrences
salonfaehig         2 occurrences
germanspeakers      1 occurrences
saytheir            1 occurrences
passable            1 occurrences
acceptablemerkel    1 occurrences
homethe             2 occurrences
blacksheep          1 occurrences
posters             1 occurrences
immigrationbut      1 occurrences
skinhead            1 occurrences
forehead            1 occurrences
sniggerbut          1 occurrences
ascends             1 occurrences
housethey           1 occurrences
cocooned            1 occurrences
buffoon             1 occurrences
stairs              3 occurrences
onemeanwhile        1 occurrences
firstit             1 occurrences
americaaustria      1 occurrences
firstand            2 occurrences
resurgent           1 occurrences
toughest            3 occurrences
stronghold          1 occurrences
compass             1 occurrences
sovereigntythis     1 occurrences
futureand           1 occurrences
themjust            1 occurrences
guts                1 occurrences
voteall             1 occurrences
favour              1 occurrences
rightswe            1 occurrences
notif               1 occurrences
homeour             1 occurrences
nhs                 1 occurrences
surgeries           2 occurrences
monopolise          1 occurrences
specter             1 occurrences
fascism             2 occurrences
labellingvia        1 occurrences
putz                2 occurrences
gleefully           1 occurrences
chi                 1 occurrences
minh                1 occurrences
symbolism           1 occurrences
moneywe             1 occurrences
reconstruction      4 occurrences
dol                 5 occurrences
earns               4 occurrences
yearit              2 occurrences
tiny                8 occurrences
hotbed              1 occurrences
afghans             6 occurrences
irc                 6 occurrences
vocational          2 occurrences
selfemployment      1 occurrences
crises              3 occurrences
miliband            1 occurrences
statesamericans     1 occurrences
sigar               3 occurrences
unicef              1 occurrences
demobilize          1 occurrences
reintegration       1 occurrences
psychosocial        1 occurrences
afghan              45 occurrences
uniforms            4 occurrences
reforming           3 occurrences
fundingwhile        1 occurrences
flowing             9 occurrences
usaidjudicial       1 occurrences
successes           2 occurrences
maddening           2 occurrences
sessionssenator     1 occurrences
homan               8 occurrences
alienssessions      1 occurrences
ral                 5 occurrences
removable           1 occurrences
memberfirst         1 occurrences
salda               11 occurrences
timethroughout      1 occurrences
yearso              1 occurrences
benefitsyet         1 occurrences
prioritizing        4 occurrences
lawit               1 occurrences
acquiesce           2 occurrences
countryif           1 occurrences
yearhowever         1 occurrences
plummeted           1 occurrences
enforcementthis     1 occurrences
discretion          11 occurrences
obliges             2 occurrences
executemeanwhile    1 occurrences
touts               1 occurrences
apprehensions       3 occurrences
nearrecord          1 occurrences
endedso             1 occurrences
namely              3 occurrences
lacks               6 occurrences
moralitythis        1 occurrences
effectiveness       3 occurrences
productivity        2 occurrences
supervises          1 occurrences
stephens            4 occurrences
parent              11 occurrences
ghosts              1 occurrences
imagined            5 occurrences
readersnoah         1 occurrences
casey               2 occurrences
scrolled            2 occurrences
filthy              4 occurrences
incubators          1 occurrences
dictates            3 occurrences
abstracted          3 occurrences
atmospheric         3 occurrences
uranushere          1 occurrences
poison              4 occurrences
wrenching           1 occurrences
picturesthe         1 occurrences
champions           3 occurrences
parliamentarian     3 occurrences
corbyn              1 occurrences
partyup             1 occurrences
naomi               1 occurrences
secondmost          2 occurrences
unpleasant          3 occurrences
heroically          1 occurrences
dreaded             3 occurrences
neoliberalism       1 occurrences
autonomy            4 occurrences
formidable          3 occurrences
dishonor            1 occurrences
cheerleaders        1 occurrences
hyperinflation      1 occurrences
hypercriminality    1 occurrences
blackouts           1 occurrences
repression          3 occurrences
nicol               2 occurrences
paladins            1 occurrences
agonyand            1 occurrences
resolutely          1 occurrences
undead              1 occurrences
leftism             1 occurrences
cloth               1 occurrences
chavismo            2 occurrences
pacs                1 occurrences
burlington          2 occurrences
boasted             3 occurrences
sistercity          1 occurrences
cabezas             1 occurrences
yaroslavl           1 occurrences
lavished            1 occurrences
ortega              2 occurrences
sandinistas         2 occurrences
thenmayor           1 occurrences
interviewer         5 occurrences
rethought           3 occurrences
recanted            1 occurrences
itbut               3 occurrences
chavistas           1 occurrences
espouses            1 occurrences
continuous          5 occurrences
demonization        1 occurrences
billionaires        2 occurrences
cousinsdemocratic   1 occurrences
legalized           7 occurrences
vilified            1 occurrences
immiseration        1 occurrences
subjugation         2 occurrences
scandinavian        2 occurrences
scandinavians       1 occurrences
paves               2 occurrences
everywherethat      1 occurrences
bernvia             1 occurrences
sucks               1 occurrences
thuglike            1 occurrences
annoyance           1 occurrences
exponentially       1 occurrences
deletions           2 occurrences
filehttpsyoutubeoounggtijkwith1 occurrences
mundane             1 occurrences
nonsensitive        1 occurrences
relevantas          1 occurrences
deepens             2 occurrences
everone             1 occurrences
extradited          2 occurrences
lehel               2 occurrences
highlysensitive     1 occurrences
nowmendacious       1 occurrences
accountin           1 occurrences
extradition         4 occurrences
gargantuan          1 occurrences
informationadding   1 occurrences
coffin              2 occurrences
abandon             6 occurrences
newlyreleased       1 occurrences
thenchief           2 occurrences
millsvia            1 occurrences
airborne            3 occurrences
infectious          4 occurrences
bacteria            1 occurrences
spreads             2 occurrences
coughs              2 occurrences
sneezes             2 occurrences
latent              9 occurrences
diseaseevery        1 occurrences
surpassed           1 occurrences
reportsone          2 occurrences
controlthe          4 occurrences
quarterly           1 occurrences
thatminnesota       1 occurrences
commontb            1 occurrences
examin              1 occurrences
screened            5 occurrences
ltbi                1 occurrences
somalians           1 occurrences
programmore         1 occurrences
whooping            1 occurrences
cough               1 occurrences
diptheria           1 occurrences
eradication         2 occurrences
statesa             1 occurrences
previouslythe       1 occurrences
incidence           7 occurrences
nationally          9 occurrences
reportsas           1 occurrences
uptickthe           1 occurrences
elusive             1 occurrences
leveled             4 occurrences
elimination         6 occurrences
lobue               1 occurrences
emaila              1 occurrences
statesas            2 occurrences
reportin            2 occurrences
foreignborn         13 occurrences
usborn              4 occurrences
tribunea            1 occurrences
symptoms            3 occurrences
diseaseten          1 occurrences
organizationas      1 occurrences
transmits           2 occurrences
uninfected          1 occurrences
individualtreatment 1 occurrences
mortality           4 occurrences
dogeatdog           1 occurrences
newborns            2 occurrences
deadthe             2 occurrences
hazards             2 occurrences
intravenous         1 occurrences
blackout            3 occurrences
swept               11 occurrences
respirators         1 occurrences
maternity           3 occurrences
warddoctors         1 occurrences
ailing              2 occurrences
infants             11 occurrences
pumping             1 occurrences
nightfall           1 occurrences
bread               2 occurrences
osleidy             1 occurrences
camejo              1 occurrences
hospitalsthe        1 occurrences
unraveling          1 occurrences
collapsehospital    1 occurrences
crucibles           1 occurrences
converged           2 occurrences
medicines           3 occurrences
leftat              1 occurrences
andes               2 occurrences
rida                1 occurrences
wash                1 occurrences
cleaned             2 occurrences
bottles             1 occurrences
seltzer             1 occurrences
pino                1 occurrences
hundredfold         1 occurrences
lawmakersthe        1 occurrences
reportthis          1 occurrences
bol                 1 occurrences
worthlessthe        1 occurrences
aggravated          8 occurrences
feud                4 occurrences
rivals              4 occurrences
prop                3 occurrences
oneida              1 occurrences
guaipe              1 occurrences
leaderbut           1 occurrences
smuch               1 occurrences
drooling            1 occurrences
magnetism           1 occurrences
commanding          2 occurrences
stature             1 occurrences
chaveztough         1 occurrences
stateshis           1 occurrences
paint               7 occurrences
despot              1 occurrences
detains             1 occurrences
overly              5 occurrences
coupbut             1 occurrences
plummeting          2 occurrences
barrel              10 occurrences
toovenezuela        1 occurrences
reliant             1 occurrences
oppositionand       1 occurrences
microphones         9 occurrences
exposedimagine      1 occurrences
itfederal           1 occurrences
planting            3 occurrences
conversationsjeff   1 occurrences
harp                6 occurrences
kpix                3 occurrences
plant               10 occurrences
fixtures            1 occurrences
mateo               1 occurrences
alameda             1 occurrences
evidenceharp        1 occurrences
supervisor          3 occurrences
expectation         4 occurrences
qualifies           3 occurrences
interpret           2 occurrences
daniels             5 occurrences
acn                 1 occurrences
mcavoy              1 occurrences
hbo                 2 occurrences
embarrassingly      1 occurrences
incompetent         11 occurrences
presidentin         2 occurrences
chancellor          9 occurrences
oncelauded          1 occurrences
abrupt              1 occurrences
repudiation         1 occurrences
yearsvice           1 occurrences
michel              1 occurrences
temer               2 occurrences
freemarketfriendly  1 occurrences
sagging             1 occurrences
pmdb                1 occurrences
conservativeleaning 1 occurrences
allmale             1 occurrences
swings              2 occurrences
righthey            1 occurrences
dumber              1 occurrences
moviesfor           1 occurrences
overthetop          2 occurrences
guncontrol          2 occurrences
piers               1 occurrences
schlapp             2 occurrences
fraudimmigrant      1 occurrences
statusyet           1 occurrences
casealabama         1 occurrences
yemenhopefully      1 occurrences
crimesopalocka      1 occurrences
fruits              4 occurrences
vegetablesinstead   1 occurrences
karla               2 occurrences
diaz                7 occurrences
luis                8 occurrences
marzo               2 occurrences
machado             3 occurrences
opalocka            6 occurrences
hialeah             8 occurrences
wifredo             1 occurrences
ferrer              5 occurrences
wednesdaydiaz       1 occurrences
stampede            3 occurrences
governmentissued    1 occurrences
flagrantly          1 occurrences
recipientscommercial1 occurrences
saidflea            1 occurrences
felix               2 occurrences
lanza               8 occurrences
heacock             1 occurrences
sanctioned          3 occurrences
stampebt            1 occurrences
owns                22 occurrences
llc                 3 occurrences
pedro               3 occurrences
sanchez             5 occurrences
barrero             3 occurrences
antonia             1 occurrences
racked              3 occurrences
diocenila           1 occurrences
matias              1 occurrences
ramirez             3 occurrences
jorge               4 occurrences
saladrigas          1 occurrences
milian              1 occurrences
reinaldo            1 occurrences
arteaga             3 occurrences
gardens             5 occurrences
luisdian            2 occurrences
hernandez           5 occurrences
zulfiqar            1 occurrences
mithavayani         1 occurrences
miramar             2 occurrences
alhawa              1 occurrences
davie               1 occurrences
maikel              1 occurrences
manuel              6 occurrences
riviaux             2 occurrences
seafood             6 occurrences
pucho               1 occurrences
coconspirators      3 occurrences
corticos            1 occurrences
terr                1 occurrences
noraida             1 occurrences
figueroa            3 occurrences
rafael              1 occurrences
cuellar             4 occurrences
casola              3 occurrences
rojas               4 occurrences
katia               1 occurrences
nunez               1 occurrences
landeiro            4 occurrences
katy                1 occurrences
idaysi              1 occurrences
gallardo            1 occurrences
chico               2 occurrences
rey                 1 occurrences
fernandez           3 occurrences
shark               2 occurrences
angelo              3 occurrences
socarras            2 occurrences
benghazishe         1 occurrences
benghazifrom        1 occurrences
rwanda              1 occurrences
embassies           9 occurrences
tanzania            2 occurrences
mugabe              2 occurrences
zimbabwea           1 occurrences
inexperience        1 occurrences
feckless            2 occurrences
rwandan             1 occurrences
prelude             2 occurrences
itsusan             1 occurrences
omission            5 occurrences
crippling           4 occurrences
minions             4 occurrences
stanford            1 occurrences
loyalists           1 occurrences
alikespeaking       1 occurrences
diversified         1 occurrences
onereferring        1 occurrences
reflected           10 occurrences
groupthink          1 occurrences
divergent           1 occurrences
perspectives        3 occurrences
reminiscent         2 occurrences
homelandread        1 occurrences
morals              4 occurrences
shamed              1 occurrences
speechin            1 occurrences
indistinguishable   1 occurrences
goodfaith           1 occurrences
debateone           1 occurrences
liken               1 occurrences
arc                 1 occurrences
trivial             2 occurrences
imperialists        1 occurrences
klan                3 occurrences
literallyafter      1 occurrences
goto                1 occurrences
characterization    1 occurrences
majorities          2 occurrences
matching            3 occurrences
saythis             1 occurrences
crow                7 occurrences
emancipation        3 occurrences
samesex             26 occurrences
stifle              1 occurrences
lesbian             13 occurrences
marrylikening       1 occurrences
biologically        1 occurrences
boygirl             1 occurrences
genuine             5 occurrences
societywide         1 occurrences
intellectually      2 occurrences
continuum           1 occurrences
peddles             1 occurrences
kinds               9 occurrences
risible             1 occurrences
selfaggrandizement  1 occurrences
fiene               1 occurrences
coined              5 occurrences
selma               6 occurrences
envythe             1 occurrences
unelected           3 occurrences
commissions         3 occurrences
punishing           5 occurrences
comprehend          4 occurrences
distorted           2 occurrences
newsnorth           1 occurrences
preemptively        1 occurrences
redefining          2 occurrences
versa               1 occurrences
compels             2 occurrences
transgendered       2 occurrences
selfidentification  1 occurrences
vanita              6 occurrences
gupta               11 occurrences
sayeth              2 occurrences
relativistic        1 occurrences
gendernow           1 occurrences
anxiety             5 occurrences
wig                 2 occurrences
topicin             1 occurrences
semblance           2 occurrences
streamline          1 occurrences
approves            4 occurrences
sues                1 occurrences
finds               9 occurrences
unsatisfactory      1 occurrences
legalization        6 occurrences
selectively         1 occurrences
republicanism       1 occurrences
locallyfor          1 occurrences
risen               6 occurrences
babbling            1 occurrences
unloaded            1 occurrences
deception           3 occurrences
glitch              9 occurrences
pigeonsthe          1 occurrences
townhallram         1 occurrences
muchacho            2 occurrences
chacao              1 occurrences
foodthrough         1 occurrences
pigeons             1 occurrences
hungerpeople        1 occurrences
vegetables          3 occurrences
wellthe             2 occurrences
worsening           1 occurrences
inflationthe        1 occurrences
robberies           3 occurrences
goats               3 occurrences
manaure             1 occurrences
baseid              1 occurrences
ingodidotrust       1 occurrences
malls               5 occurrences
pharmacies          1 occurrences
supermarkets        1 occurrences
snyder              9 occurrences
misfortune          1 occurrences
communitywill       1 occurrences
fundthe             1 occurrences
fundformer          1 occurrences
natasha             1 occurrences
muskegon            1 occurrences
weaverspecifically  1 occurrences
volunteer           7 occurrences
watersafe           2 occurrences
karenabout          2 occurrences
directionaccording  1 occurrences
unrecognizable      3 occurrences
defendantsfor       1 occurrences
legendary           4 occurrences
rocker              2 occurrences
daltrey             4 occurrences
citizensroger       1 occurrences
undemocratic        3 occurrences
raping              6 occurrences
frontman            1 occurrences
labelling           1 occurrences
wers                1 occurrences
crooks              3 occurrences
bloody              7 occurrences
blasting            2 occurrences
layers              5 occurrences
raped               28 occurrences
sunwill             1 occurrences
sympathy            5 occurrences
ukbus               1 occurrences
lord                8 occurrences
cinemasthe          1 occurrences
subhan              1 occurrences
reliefthe           1 occurrences
charitybut          1 occurrences
advert              2 occurrences
lords               4 occurrences
cinemas             1 occurrences
christmasthe        1 occurrences
archbishop          4 occurrences
canterbury          1 occurrences
parishioners        2 occurrences
reciting            1 occurrences
odean               1 occurrences
cineworld           1 occurrences
vue                 1 occurrences
cinemaformer        1 occurrences
tory                1 occurrences
widdecombe          1 occurrences
freebie             1 occurrences
kurtz               5 occurrences
harming             3 occurrences
rent                11 occurrences
reallocate          1 occurrences
wealthythe          1 occurrences
supersizing         1 occurrences
vouchers            5 occurrences
pricey              2 occurrences
realestate          1 occurrences
exurbscastro        1 occurrences
reboot              5 occurrences
affluent            5 occurrences
neighborhoodsit     1 occurrences
desegregate         2 occurrences
suburbsanticipating 1 occurrences
nimby               1 occurrences
affirmatively       2 occurrences
voucherscastro      1 occurrences
finalize            1 occurrences
smallarea           1 occurrences
safmr               2 occurrences
presidencyit        1 occurrences
voucher             8 occurrences
onebedroom          1 occurrences
rentals             2 occurrences
leafy               2 occurrences
mamaroneck          1 occurrences
tenantsthe          1 occurrences
subsidy             4 occurrences
utilities           1 occurrences
housingchoice       1 occurrences
concentration       2 occurrences
aggregation         1 occurrences
undo                3 occurrences
situationbut        1 occurrences
countrythe          5 occurrences
bombeda             1 occurrences
schoolsworse        1 occurrences
ruining             3 occurrences
founddubuque        1 occurrences
dubuque             1 occurrences
housingof           1 occurrences
mugs                1 occurrences
scrap               4 occurrences
rationalized        1 occurrences
areashud            1 occurrences
resultsread         1 occurrences
hardliner           1 occurrences
mahmoud             2 occurrences
ahmadinejad         2 occurrences
cooked              4 occurrences
moderates           4 occurrences
theocracy           1 occurrences
thursdayin          1 occurrences
foreignpolicy       3 occurrences
guru                2 occurrences
hardliners          7 occurrences
shotsthe            1 occurrences
sights              1 occurrences
presidentrhodes     1 occurrences
concedes            1 occurrences
saiddespite         1 occurrences
aspiring            1 occurrences
novelist            1 occurrences
pressthe            2 occurrences
nyu                 1 occurrences
storyteller         1 occurrences
adept               2 occurrences
constructing        1 occurrences
plotlines           1 occurrences
villains            1 occurrences
flurries            1 occurrences
adjectives          1 occurrences
quotations          1 occurrences
samuels             1 occurrences
shaper              1 occurrences
expletive           2 occurrences
antinuke            1 occurrences
ploughshares        1 occurrences
whomever            4 occurrences
benjamin            6 occurrences
netanyahuobama      1 occurrences
faction             3 occurrences
animosity           1 occurrences
dealleon            1 occurrences
panetta             2 occurrences
quds                4 occurrences
goddamn             1 occurrences
saysrhodes          1 occurrences
goldberg            3 occurrences
bureaus             5 occurrences
compadres           2 occurrences
mediafor            1 occurrences
poisoned            1 occurrences
doyourjobon         1 occurrences
mich                2 occurrences
contamination       2 occurrences
systemsas           1 occurrences
annie               5 occurrences
snider              1 occurrences
leadpipe            1 occurrences
delegation          7 occurrences
flintpresident      1 occurrences
puns                1 occurrences
smallgovernment     1 occurrences
philosophy          11 occurrences
corrosive           3 occurrences
broadly             3 occurrences
lessgovernmentisgoodgovernment1 occurrences
boobirds            1 occurrences
politicohow         1 occurrences
barryht             1 occurrences
sour                1 occurrences
grapes              1 occurrences
ridiculoustrump     1 occurrences
procuba             1 occurrences
mediatravel         1 occurrences
newest              3 occurrences
pseudocool          1 occurrences
useful              5 occurrences
idiotssanders       1 occurrences
anxious             4 occurrences
sedrick             2 occurrences
tydus               2 occurrences
quipped             4 occurrences
roster              1 occurrences
bombarded           1 occurrences
hype                2 occurrences
kardashians         1 occurrences
mixughromanticizing 1 occurrences
crumbing            1 occurrences
promotions          1 occurrences
tarrant             2 occurrences
railway             2 occurrences
journeys            2 occurrences
mphnbc              1 occurrences
giddy               1 occurrences
pinchme             1 occurrences
faustasblog         1 occurrences
willingly           3 occurrences
entertainment       3 occurrences
venues              2 occurrences
faculty             4 occurrences
thumbprint          3 occurrences
scanner             2 occurrences
technologythe       1 occurrences
pushcoin            3 occurrences
prints              1 occurrences
fifthgrader         1 occurrences
quinlan             1 occurrences
bobeczko            1 occurrences
installing          4 occurrences
schoolseast         1 occurrences
bishop              6 occurrences
zurich              2 occurrences
doug                5 occurrences
scanners            3 occurrences
biometrics          2 occurrences
thumbprints         1 occurrences
registers           1 occurrences
bang                3 occurrences
anna                2 occurrences
lisznianski         1 occurrences
contends            7 occurrences
heldguccifer        1 occurrences
jailhouse           2 occurrences
newsfox             1 occurrences
claimsin            1 occurrences
descriptions        3 occurrences
unfathomable        2 occurrences
crowder             1 occurrences
spouting            1 occurrences
slanted             1 occurrences
iconic              4 occurrences
estatesince         1 occurrences
closet              7 occurrences
leanings            1 occurrences
profiting           1 occurrences
workboth            1 occurrences
investments         7 occurrences
taxthe              1 occurrences
governmentread      1 occurrences
lonely              1 occurrences
submarine           2 occurrences
underwater          3 occurrences
targetthe           1 occurrences
severodvinsk        2 occurrences
barents             1 occurrences
drillsthen          1 occurrences
kalibr              1 occurrences
plume               2 occurrences
streaks             1 occurrences
rumbling            1 occurrences
zooms               1 occurrences
siteit              1 occurrences
shipsthis           1 occurrences
mirrora             1 occurrences
provoked            4 occurrences
reconnaissance      2 occurrences
baltic              2 occurrences
seaoutraged         1 occurrences
manoeuvre           2 occurrences
transponderthe      1 occurrences
closeflying         1 occurrences
encountersin        1 occurrences
taunting            1 occurrences
manoeuvres          1 occurrences
transponder         1 occurrences
differed            1 occurrences
flanker             1 occurrences
lumbering           1 occurrences
quarry              1 occurrences
baldanza            2 occurrences
metreslt            1 occurrences
maneuver            2 occurrences
aircrew             1 occurrences
speechhundreds      1 occurrences
orange              10 occurrences
amphitheater        2 occurrences
stomping            3 occurrences
motorists           4 occurrences
forcefully          1 occurrences
candidatesome       1 occurrences
sopan               1 occurrences
deb                 4 occurrences
sopandeb            1 occurrences
lujan               1 occurrences
costamesa           2 occurrences
donaldtrump         1 occurrences
ruben               2 occurrences
vives               2 occurrences
latvives            2 occurrences
benches             1 occurrences
freeway             1 occurrences
newport             1 occurrences
onramp              1 occurrences
females             5 occurrences
motorist            1 occurrences
protesterssuv       1 occurrences
fwy                 1 occurrences
staggeringmark      1 occurrences
meadows             3 occurrences
rapists             6 occurrences
kidnappers          2 occurrences
numbersoverall      1 occurrences
releasesthe         1 occurrences
themshe             1 occurrences
slash               1 occurrences
downin              1 occurrences
malkin              1 occurrences
lab                 7 occurrences
citadel             6 occurrences
clyburn             2 occurrences
citadelthe          1 occurrences
banner              5 occurrences
summerall           1 occurrences
chapel              2 occurrences
championed          3 occurrences
dscus               1 occurrences
flagthe             1 occurrences
ame                 4 occurrences
statehouse          10 occurrences
groundsbut          1 occurrences
mac                 6 occurrences
thornberry          3 occurrences
rotc                5 occurrences
thereby             2 occurrences
nullifying          1 occurrences
carolinian          2 occurrences
outlier             1 occurrences
partythis           1 occurrences
ndaa                6 occurrences
houseread           1 occurrences
courier             3 occurrences
lydie               1 occurrences
denier              2 occurrences
malzberg            1 occurrences
ambassadorambassador1 occurrences
attacklydie         1 occurrences
weigh               4 occurrences
joblydie            1 occurrences
newsmaxvia          1 occurrences
jumpsuit            2 occurrences
syndicatein         1 occurrences
richmondtimes       1 occurrences
electionmcauliffe   1 occurrences
extends             3 occurrences
murderers           6 occurrences
statementmcauliffe  1 occurrences
couched             2 occurrences
felonies            2 occurrences
fallthe             3 occurrences
contacting          1 occurrences
statepresidents     1 occurrences
conflictofinterest  1 occurrences
nonelected          1 occurrences
gratuities          1 occurrences
sponsorsvia         1 occurrences
cooling             4 occurrences
frauds              2 occurrences
glorious            2 occurrences
mankind             5 occurrences
jackholes           2 occurrences
guzzling            2 occurrences
emitting            1 occurrences
cow                 4 occurrences
farts               1 occurrences
interestingly       3 occurrences
weknowbetterthanyou 1 occurrences
bullies             7 occurrences
themhaving          1 occurrences
validity            5 occurrences
einhorn             10 occurrences
fairmount           1 occurrences
composted           1 occurrences
exgirlfriend        2 occurrences
trunka              1 occurrences
tiedyewearing       1 occurrences
hippie              3 occurrences
beard               1 occurrences
gaptoothed          1 occurrences
smile               6 occurrences
unicorn             1 occurrences
germanjewish        1 occurrences
horn                2 occurrences
flower              1 occurrences
charismatic         1 occurrences
preached            2 occurrences
maddux              4 occurrences
leftbehind          1 occurrences
belongings          5 occurrences
upand               1 occurrences
disappearance       5 occurrences
coop                4 occurrences
tofu                2 occurrences
sprouts             1 occurrences
returnedit          1 occurrences
reddishbrown        1 occurrences
foulsmelling        1 occurrences
liquid              3 occurrences
bedroom             3 occurrences
mummified           1 occurrences
stuffed             1 occurrences
styrofoam           1 occurrences
fresheners          1 occurrences
newspapersafter     1 occurrences
framed              5 occurrences
paranormal          1 occurrences
murdering           9 occurrences
zippers             11 occurrences
stewards            2 occurrences
livesread           1 occurrences
eyeopening          3 occurrences
stricken            1 occurrences
americansare        1 occurrences
shuts               1 occurrences
devastates          1 occurrences
fracking            3 occurrences
dependent           5 occurrences
drilling            5 occurrences
petulant            2 occurrences
huckster            1 occurrences
click               12 occurrences
stateand            2 occurrences
unrealistic         1 occurrences
politeness          1 occurrences
unionbarack         1 occurrences
piecemeal           1 occurrences
hugely              1 occurrences
inefficient         3 occurrences
exceptiontreasury   1 occurrences
harriet             8 occurrences
tubman              8 occurrences
billwhat            1 occurrences
haste               1 occurrences
abolitionist        2 occurrences
importantharriet    1 occurrences
araminta            1 occurrences
fugitive            1 occurrences
sank                1 occurrences
plantationshe       1 occurrences
everpresent         1 occurrences
catchers            1 occurrences
dogsvia             1 occurrences
gunsbreaking        1 occurrences
replaces            2 occurrences
guntoting           1 occurrences
burge               11 occurrences
iowahawkblog        3 occurrences
freeing             2 occurrences
politicize          1 occurrences
postage             1 occurrences
manabraham          1 occurrences
longerthe           1 occurrences
overshadowed        1 occurrences
revamp              1 occurrences
famed               2 occurrences
eleanor             1 occurrences
billall             1 occurrences
rooseveltin         1 occurrences
redesigning         1 occurrences
disrupt             8 occurrences
longrunning         1 occurrences
portrait            2 occurrences
layout              2 occurrences
monopolies          2 occurrences
staving             2 occurrences
alas                3 occurrences
depict              3 occurrences
leadersnot          1 occurrences
scraped             2 occurrences
billlew             1 occurrences
swift               5 occurrences
rebukes             1 occurrences
landjackson         1 occurrences
demotedwhile        1 occurrences
wasthe              2 occurrences
villainous          1 occurrences
hickory             1 occurrences
powermad            1 occurrences
kook                1 occurrences
exploring           2 occurrences
slavo               1 occurrences
changeandrew        1 occurrences
erasedjackson       1 occurrences
dayof               1 occurrences
intriguing          2 occurrences
pastjackson         1 occurrences
recalcitrant        1 occurrences
unyielding          2 occurrences
companions          3 occurrences
masons              1 occurrences
entrenched          4 occurrences
speculators         1 occurrences
patrician           1 occurrences
phase               9 occurrences
indians             6 occurrences
slavefriendly       1 occurrences
shades              4 occurrences
greyerasing         1 occurrences
fiat                4 occurrences
funnymoney          1 occurrences
norm                3 occurrences
enslavementfor      1 occurrences
charts              3 occurrences
abovefood           1 occurrences
nears               1 occurrences
obamadespite        1 occurrences
disparity           4 occurrences
altogetherthe       2 occurrences
workforcebut        2 occurrences
obamacareobamacare  1 occurrences
soar                1 occurrences
discrepancy         2 occurrences
enrollees           8 occurrences
hike                2 occurrences
percentour          1 occurrences
manufacturer        7 occurrences
forwarda            1 occurrences
shootingsadam       1 occurrences
bushmaster          3 occurrences
maker               6 occurrences
distributor         2 occurrences
purchaseconnecticut 1 occurrences
bellis              2 occurrences
lawsuitsremington   1 occurrences
camfour             1 occurrences
nowdefunct          1 occurrences
riverview           2 occurrences
dealer              2 occurrences
examinernolan       1 occurrences
finley              2 occurrences
remington           2 occurrences
liable              2 occurrences
civilian            14 occurrences
usethe              1 occurrences
endaround           1 occurrences
lawsuitswhile       1 occurrences
chortles            1 occurrences
derisively          1 occurrences
outcomeclinton      1 occurrences
gunmakers           1 occurrences
defectfree          1 occurrences
productsstill       1 occurrences
automakers          1 occurrences
malfunctions        1 occurrences
plows               2 occurrences
automobile          2 occurrences
automaker           2 occurrences
defective           2 occurrences
carnagethe          1 occurrences
misused             4 occurrences
emotionally         2 occurrences
deranged            3 occurrences
firearmsunfortunately1 occurrences
victimjudge         1 occurrences
misunderstanding    2 occurrences
firearmsshe         1 occurrences
plaintiff           5 occurrences
depiction           2 occurrences
usethat             1 occurrences
cosmetic            1 occurrences
lethal              2 occurrences
burstsif            1 occurrences
bushmasters         1 occurrences
battlelanza         1 occurrences
confines            1 occurrences
permissionif        1 occurrences
gunmaking           1 occurrences
prodded             1 occurrences
flipflop            1 occurrences
immigrantsmr        1 occurrences
doover              1 occurrences
powerchief          1 occurrences
quotes              2 occurrences
solicitor           5 occurrences
verrilli            5 occurrences
proddedmr           1 occurrences
discretionary       3 occurrences
saidimmigrantrights 1 occurrences
emaillifeline       1 occurrences
beneficiaries       17 occurrences
enroll              4 occurrences
allegationscritics  1 occurrences
obamaphones         2 occurrences
thanking            1 occurrences
reaganthe           1 occurrences
releasea            1 occurrences
reilly              9 occurrences
verification        9 occurrences
lodge               2 occurrences
casedespite         1 occurrences
servicethat         1 occurrences
technophobes        1 occurrences
alright             2 occurrences
pretending          4 occurrences
nye                 2 occurrences
skeptics            13 occurrences
washingtonin        2 occurrences
restructuring       4 occurrences
desperationearlier  1 occurrences
rla                 2 occurrences
divulging           1 occurrences
rut                 3 occurrences
quasibailout        1 occurrences
acclamation         1 occurrences
springhere          1 occurrences
legislationread     1 occurrences
speculation         7 occurrences
trickled            2 occurrences
terroriststim       1 occurrences
roemer              4 occurrences
declassify          1 occurrences
hijackers           2 occurrences
californiaa         1 occurrences
nawaf               1 occurrences
alhazmi             2 occurrences
khalid              3 occurrences
almihdhar           2 occurrences
hornet              1 occurrences
nest                1 occurrences
fahad               2 occurrences
culver              1 occurrences
althumairy          1 occurrences
tiesthumairy        1 occurrences
noshow              1 occurrences
aviation            4 occurrences
thumairy            2 occurrences
albayoumi           1 occurrences
benefactorformer    1 occurrences
bayoumi             4 occurrences
kroft               10 occurrences
venice              4 occurrences
saidanother         1 occurrences
kerrey              2 occurrences
solid               1 occurrences
declassified        6 occurrences
wigs                2 occurrences
welcoming           16 occurrences
listbob             1 occurrences
iger                3 occurrences
rupert              6 occurrences
murdock             1 occurrences
marriott            1 occurrences
execs               1 occurrences
sanctuaries         1 occurrences
propagate           2 occurrences
rosy                1 occurrences
honchos             2 occurrences
economypnae         1 occurrences
gateways            1 occurrences
akron               2 occurrences
anchorage           1 occurrences
birmingham          2 occurrences
brownsville         1 occurrences
fargo               5 occurrences
indianapolis        1 occurrences
kansasmissouri      1 occurrences
lancaster           1 occurrences
macomb              1 occurrences
syracusebuffaloat   1 occurrences
inclusiveness       1 occurrences
diversityto         1 occurrences
immigrationpnae     1 occurrences
wonders             2 occurrences
lubell              2 occurrences
seed                5 occurrences
vibrant             2 occurrences
thrive              3 occurrences
longranger          1 occurrences
precision           1 occurrences
airpower            1 occurrences
baghdad             7 occurrences
haider              2 occurrences
alabadivia          1 occurrences
inexperienced       1 occurrences
inmigrants          1 occurrences
remittance          1 occurrences
remittances         3 occurrences
philippines         3 occurrences
recipientsin        2 occurrences
populationby        1 occurrences
basedread           1 occurrences
nonessential        1 occurrences
phil                3 occurrences
bryant              5 occurrences
solemnize           1 occurrences
weddingrelated      1 occurrences
mississippians      1 occurrences
idealsafter         1 occurrences
mississippilast     1 occurrences
carolinaread        1 occurrences
statusthrough       1 occurrences
medicareon          1 occurrences
administrationat    2 occurrences
contravenes         1 occurrences
engelbrecht         1 occurrences
scratched           3 occurrences
surfacethe          1 occurrences
flush               5 occurrences
unnj                2 occurrences
nestled             3 occurrences
idyllic             2 occurrences
cranford            1 occurrences
hustle              1 occurrences
bustle              1 occurrences
nationalsnow        1 occurrences
sting               2 occurrences
recruiters          3 occurrences
conspired           3 occurrences
ersatz              1 occurrences
alma                1 occurrences
mater               2 occurrences
perception          3 occurrences
fishman             1 occurrences
antiabortion        1 occurrences
hometuesdayagents   1 occurrences
daleiden            6 occurrences
fetal               3 occurrences
tissuecenter        1 occurrences
robbio              1 occurrences
countyrachele       1 occurrences
huennekens          1 occurrences
investigationharris 1 occurrences
impersonated        2 occurrences
biomedical          2 occurrences
consentharris       1 occurrences
parenthoodms        1 occurrences
defund              7 occurrences
twitchyin           1 occurrences
ppfa                1 occurrences
preventative        1 occurrences
cynical             4 occurrences
timesher            1 occurrences
lawdaleiden         1 occurrences
tuesdaytexas        1 occurrences
augustbut           1 occurrences
misusing            3 occurrences
tissue              1 occurrences
merritt             1 occurrences
clinicdaleiden      1 occurrences
remedies            1 occurrences
vindicate           2 occurrences
alfred              3 occurrences
bradley             5 occurrences
clinical            2 occurrences
psychologist        2 occurrences
rounded             3 occurrences
programsthe         3 occurrences
brazen              2 occurrences
faked               2 occurrences
tuesdaysenate       1 occurrences
daugherty           2 occurrences
themformer          1 occurrences
coburn              1 occurrences
timesstunningly     1 occurrences
paymentssocial      1 occurrences
harold              3 occurrences
reinstated          1 occurrences
undeserving         1 occurrences
offthe              1 occurrences
timesmr             1 occurrences
commentthe          2 occurrences
shepherded          2 occurrences
boardcertified      1 occurrences
ummm                1 occurrences
naquasia            1 occurrences
legrand             1 occurrences
joann               1 occurrences
examplesreport      1 occurrences
furniturethe        1 occurrences
blight              6 occurrences
costdespite         1 occurrences
blightscandal       1 occurrences
aidthe              2 occurrences
budgetdetroit       1 occurrences
principals          3 occurrences
chargesif           1 occurrences
assistancethe       2 occurrences
stabilize           1 occurrences
purposesflint       1 occurrences
homeowners          4 occurrences
foreclosure         3 occurrences
revitalize          1 occurrences
mondaydetroit       1 occurrences
duggan              3 occurrences
blighted            1 occurrences
demolished          3 occurrences
detroiters          1 occurrences
addedin             3 occurrences
phases              2 occurrences
phasesmichigan      1 occurrences
portal              1 occurrences
reopen              4 occurrences
infusion            1 occurrences
millionvia          1 occurrences
dfp                 3 occurrences
sousa               2 occurrences
stockpile           5 occurrences
blockbuster         4 occurrences
theaters            5 occurrences
therapeutic         1 occurrences
predicteddriven     1 occurrences
anticolonialist     1 occurrences
systematically      6 occurrences
attackand           1 occurrences
slashes             1 occurrences
annihilate          1 occurrences
wndhere             1 occurrences
housestockpiles     1 occurrences
heu                 2 occurrences
disposition         1 occurrences
downblended         1 occurrences
weaponshowever      1 occurrences
directionviawfb     1 occurrences
danced              1 occurrences
buenos              10 occurrences
aires               10 occurrences
glitzy              2 occurrences
argentine           2 occurrences
mauricio            4 occurrences
macri               6 occurrences
juliana             2 occurrences
awada               2 occurrences
dancing             3 occurrences
herewhen            1 occurrences
halfnaked           1 occurrences
argentinian         4 occurrences
wrapped             3 occurrences
argentines          1 occurrences
herepresident       1 occurrences
tangoed             1 occurrences
securitylodging     1 occurrences
totaled             9 occurrences
hyatt               1 occurrences
transportationuse   1 occurrences
correspondents      1 occurrences
mural               1 occurrences
cubacontracts       1 occurrences
subtracting         1 occurrences
totalthe            1 occurrences
tango               5 occurrences
brussels            16 occurrences
belgium             7 occurrences
othersduring        1 occurrences
lessthanringing     1 occurrences
capitalists         1 occurrences
capitalist          3 occurrences
yankee              1 occurrences
fits                3 occurrences
miscalculation      1 occurrences
bigwhat             1 occurrences
expectedthere       1 occurrences
governmenthere      1 occurrences
forecasting         2 occurrences
cbo                 13 occurrences
topping             2 occurrences
overestimated       2 occurrences
employersponsored   5 occurrences
uninsured           2 occurrences
anticipatedthe      1 occurrences
srp                 3 occurrences
kaiser              1 occurrences
insuranceby         1 occurrences
millionperson       2 occurrences
shortfall           5 occurrences
healthbenefit       1 occurrences
licking             1 occurrences
chops               1 occurrences
millionplus         1 occurrences
benefitingbut       1 occurrences
worstnow            1 occurrences
booboo              2 occurrences
chipinitial         1 occurrences
medicaidchip        2 occurrences
lure                4 occurrences
medicaidwhat        1 occurrences
programwhen         1 occurrences
pare                1 occurrences
holdout             1 occurrences
enrolledthis        1 occurrences
insignificant       1 occurrences
cadillac            3 occurrences
longtermis          1 occurrences
horizon             2 occurrences
thingread           1 occurrences
foolcom             1 occurrences
pigford             11 occurrences
againstessentially  1 occurrences
spawned             3 occurrences
cottage             4 occurrences
claimants           6 occurrences
blowback            1 occurrences
sunlight            3 occurrences
illuminate          1 occurrences
inconvenient        1 occurrences
alarmringers        1 occurrences
temerity            2 occurrences
incorrect           4 occurrences
abusesthe           1 occurrences
germination         1 occurrences
glickman            1 occurrences
complainants        1 occurrences
farming             7 occurrences
casepigford         1 occurrences
curry               1 occurrences
managing            11 occurrences
scandalpigford      1 occurrences
innocently          2 occurrences
redress             2 occurrences
climbed             2 occurrences
metastasized        1 occurrences
nay                 2 occurrences
aggrieved           1 occurrences
feespigford         1 occurrences
appellation         1 occurrences
regimen             1 occurrences
agricultural        7 occurrences
vilsack             6 occurrences
filershowever       1 occurrences
swelled             2 occurrences
monies              2 occurrences
claimant            1 occurrences
petitioner          1 occurrences
tomatoes            1 occurrences
backyard            4 occurrences
redressfraud        1 occurrences
memberread          1 occurrences
minion              1 occurrences
whyremember         1 occurrences
dowery              1 occurrences
dubbed              9 occurrences
clamp               3 occurrences
balloon             2 occurrences
sum                 6 occurrences
rife                1 occurrences
abuseread           1 occurrences
wastransportation   1 occurrences
foxx                4 occurrences
sidewalks           3 occurrences
imperative          4 occurrences
rotary              2 occurrences
opportunityduring   1 occurrences
pedestrian          4 occurrences
bicycle             3 occurrences
accidents           1 occurrences
highincome          1 occurrences
oden                1 occurrences
vigilante           11 occurrences
assimilating        6 occurrences
pirate              2 occurrences
patrolling          6 occurrences
speedboat           2 occurrences
immigrationnationell1 occurrences
framtid             4 occurrences
strait              6 occurrences
resund              1 occurrences
denmark             9 occurrences
organised           1 occurrences
dogooders           1 occurrences
pseudoparamilitary  1 occurrences
punctuated          1 occurrences
paired              1 occurrences
balaclavas          3 occurrences
doc                 1 occurrences
martins             1 occurrences
misty               1 occurrences
waterdennis         1 occurrences
ljung               1 occurrences
nationell           3 occurrences
cleanse             3 occurrences
mailonlinewhile     1 occurrences
offences            1 occurrences
dismisses           2 occurrences
odin                10 occurrences
vigilantes          3 occurrences
behave              9 occurrences
mushroomed          1 occurrences
newcomers           1 occurrences
rocked              2 occurrences
continentwhile      1 occurrences
rejectedmembers     1 occurrences
swedentwo           1 occurrences
speedboats          1 occurrences
weekto              1 occurrences
radios              1 occurrences
binoculars          2 occurrences
actioncharging      1 occurrences
megaphone           1 occurrences
coastline           2 occurrences
denmarkif           1 occurrences
progressing         1 occurrences
scream              2 occurrences
mailonline          2 occurrences
attire              4 occurrences
pirates             1 occurrences
maniacs             1 occurrences
pronto              1 occurrences
electrical          3 occurrences
lurking             1 occurrences
hsithose            1 occurrences
impersonate         1 occurrences
iceice              1 occurrences
roberto             3 occurrences
craciunica          1 occurrences
badgesin            1 occurrences
hsi                 1 occurrences
naval               14 occurrences
sig                 1 occurrences
sauer               1 occurrences
schism              1 occurrences
insidegov           1 occurrences
synthesized         1 occurrences
populationssee      1 occurrences
immigrantsnote      1 occurrences
montana             8 occurrences
vermontoklahoma     1 occurrences
ids                 2 occurrences
assistanceminnesota 1 occurrences
deportedohio        1 occurrences
nietoindiana        1 occurrences
attackssouth        1 occurrences
selfdeportation     1 occurrences
instate             4 occurrences
len                 1 occurrences
fasano              1 occurrences
fiancee             1 occurrences
kitzhaber           2 occurrences
revelationtennessee 1 occurrences
mistreatment        3 occurrences
shackled            1 occurrences
experiencepennsylvania1 occurrences
ordinance           15 occurrences
hazleton            2 occurrences
zeal                1 occurrences
undesirable         3 occurrences
uscolorado          1 occurrences
coloradobased       1 occurrences
implies             2 occurrences
changedmassachusetts1 occurrences
cheerleading        1 occurrences
tweetwashington     1 occurrences
thencalifornia      1 occurrences
chandler            3 occurrences
demographer         1 occurrences
beachhead           1 occurrences
secondgrader        1 occurrences
effectarizona       1 occurrences
assumption          4 occurrences
statesnorth         1 occurrences
operationillinois   1 occurrences
kidney              1 occurrences
transplants         1 occurrences
offsetting          1 occurrences
dialysis            1 occurrences
statefunded         1 occurrences
programflorida      1 occurrences
rafts               1 occurrences
informally          1 occurrences
wetfoot             1 occurrences
dryfoot             1 occurrences
statestexas         1 occurrences
producecalifornia   1 occurrences
huntington          1 occurrences
attracted           1 occurrences
mexicovia           1 occurrences
insidegovcom        1 occurrences
betterin            1 occurrences
motors              5 occurrences
buick               7 occurrences
envisionit          1 occurrences
sizable             1 occurrences
envision            6 occurrences
debut               2 occurrences
luxury              20 occurrences
crossover           1 occurrences
chinathe            1 occurrences
partytrump          1 occurrences
bailoutbreitbart    1 occurrences
chineseproduced     1 occurrences
bailed              1 occurrences
buicks              1 occurrences
cadillacs           1 occurrences
chevys              1 occurrences
gmc                 1 occurrences
curtis              1 occurrences
newsgeneral         1 occurrences
hybrid              6 occurrences
continuedread       1 occurrences
exempting           1 occurrences
leland              2 occurrences
vittert             8 occurrences
rawlingsblakevittert1 occurrences
rawlingsblake       10 occurrences
looted              3 occurrences
askedrawlingsblake  1 occurrences
conferencevittert   1 occurrences
shoved              2 occurrences
whitaker            1 occurrences
presently           3 occurrences
dcfederal           1 occurrences
mondaydespite       1 occurrences
themwhitaker        1 occurrences
ethically           1 occurrences
mezvinsky           1 occurrences
neera               1 occurrences
tanden              1 occurrences
nonsecure           1 occurrences
disobey             3 occurrences
farrow              2 occurrences
greenspun           1 occurrences
avail               3 occurrences
pollster            2 occurrences
balderston          2 occurrences
trading             5 occurrences
boeing              5 occurrences
citi                2 occurrences
blackstone          1 occurrences
hormats             1 occurrences
cohosted            1 occurrences
duping              1 occurrences
selflessly          1 occurrences
firstever           1 occurrences
preying             1 occurrences
sidelinesas         1 occurrences
freest              2 occurrences
reign               4 occurrences
knownunlike         1 occurrences
washingtonapproved  1 occurrences
wrought             1 occurrences
washingtonwe        1 occurrences
promilitary         2 occurrences
subservient         2 occurrences
manmr               1 occurrences
apologizing         4 occurrences
evaporating         1 occurrences
betrayed            4 occurrences
countryyou          1 occurrences
plaguing            2 occurrences
trumpvia            1 occurrences
skimpy              1 occurrences
unappetizing        2 occurrences
hungerfreekids      1 occurrences
lunacythe           1 occurrences
rulesthe            1 occurrences
hungerfree          1 occurrences
obamathe            1 occurrences
persistent          5 occurrences
sodium              1 occurrences
calorie             1 occurrences
grainsa             1 occurrences
preschool           1 occurrences
rewarding           2 occurrences
policiesthe         2 occurrences
enforceable         1 occurrences
imposition          5 occurrences
disregarded         5 occurrences
shootingthe         1 occurrences
syed                2 occurrences
farook              5 occurrences
bernardino          22 occurrences
decemberapple       1 occurrences
developmenta        1 occurrences
workissued          1 occurrences
pitting             4 occurrences
concernsvia         1 occurrences
posing              7 occurrences
artwork             1 occurrences
kindred             1 occurrences
affairsin           1 occurrences
granma              2 occurrences
selfless            1 occurrences
relative            6 occurrences
diehard             1 occurrences
retorted            1 occurrences
ceded               1 occurrences
grifterformer       1 occurrences
dealaccording       1 occurrences
armchairs           1 occurrences
teleprompters       1 occurrences
lavalier            1 occurrences
microphone          7 occurrences
downstage           1 occurrences
scrolling           1 occurrences
monitors            4 occurrences
ucla                3 occurrences
lippert             1 occurrences
postemails          1 occurrences
suitable            1 occurrences
matchmrs            1 occurrences
temp                1 occurrences
sparkling           1 occurrences
diet                3 occurrences
ginger              1 occurrences
ale                 1 occurrences
crudit              1 occurrences
hummus              1 occurrences
sliced              1 occurrences
natoarkansas        1 occurrences
remarking           1 occurrences
politicoin          1 occurrences
subsidization       1 occurrences
memberstrump        1 occurrences
vicinity            3 occurrences
wealthier           2 occurrences
arediehl            1 occurrences
billionstrump       2 occurrences
alliancein          1 occurrences
nonnato             1 occurrences
alliesin            1 occurrences
sipri               1 occurrences
databaseconsequently1 occurrences
natothis            1 occurrences
equals              1 occurrences
deficitsunsurprisingly1 occurrences
laggards            1 occurrences
constitute          4 occurrences
thirds              1 occurrences
statestrump         1 occurrences
instincts           2 occurrences
thisread            1 occurrences
riiiight            1 occurrences
guzzlers            1 occurrences
sightseeing         4 occurrences
preezy              1 occurrences
hummmpresident      1 occurrences
thursdayafter       1 occurrences
colloquially        1 occurrences
scenic              2 occurrences
bariloche           2 occurrences
runway              1 occurrences
nightit             1 occurrences
excursionbariloche  1 occurrences
lakeside            2 occurrences
chocolates          1 occurrences
swissstyle          1 occurrences
architecturebariloche1 occurrences
josef               1 occurrences
mengele             1 occurrences
angel               2 occurrences
auschwitz           1 occurrences
warvia              1 occurrences
craziest            3 occurrences
dolepalo            1 occurrences
alto                4 occurrences
superrich           2 occurrences
threshhold          2 occurrences
subsidize           8 occurrences
middleclass         6 occurrences
nowadays            1 occurrences
mixeduse            1 occurrences
developmentsskyrocketing1 occurrences
palo                3 occurrences
firefighters        6 occurrences
livingrandy         1 occurrences
bean                4 occurrences
heresome            1 occurrences
twobedroom          1 occurrences
onebath             1 occurrences
teardowns           1 occurrences
unaffordable        3 occurrences
scharff             2 occurrences
saidscharff         1 occurrences
saidbean            1 occurrences
quartermillion      1 occurrences
kcbs                1 occurrences
fascist             3 occurrences
brusselsand         1 occurrences
argentinabut        1 occurrences
awadathe            1 occurrences
centro              1 occurrences
kirchner            1 occurrences
marci               3 occurrences
eveningthe          1 occurrences
paused              2 occurrences
carpet              5 occurrences
glamorous           1 occurrences
dressesfrom         1 occurrences
candlelit           1 occurrences
champagne           1 occurrences
clinking            1 occurrences
dictatorial         2 occurrences
ruletoday           1 occurrences
ushered             1 occurrences
offensiveearlier    1 occurrences
deflect             2 occurrences
isisgesturing       1 occurrences
mailyeah            1 occurrences
belgian             3 occurrences
americakatie        1 occurrences
merkellook          1 occurrences
gawping             1 occurrences
fascinated          1 occurrences
disgust             4 occurrences
kthopkins           9 occurrences
blasts              4 occurrences
livesany            1 occurrences
colours             1 occurrences
countrywide         1 occurrences
religionofmurder    1 occurrences
ilk                 5 occurrences
brexithow           1 occurrences
pics                2 occurrences
happily             4 occurrences
med                 2 occurrences
danielle            1 occurrences
daniellemasonuk     1 occurrences
bordersopen         1 occurrences
wrotevia            1 occurrences
micha               1 occurrences
modrikamen          2 occurrences
entrepreneurial     1 occurrences
joyful              2 occurrences
studiesthis         1 occurrences
mischa              1 occurrences
horrendous          3 occurrences
futuremoroccan      1 occurrences
rotterdam           2 occurrences
aboutaleb           2 occurrences
charlie             7 occurrences
hebdoe              1 occurrences
netherlandsgeert    1 occurrences
shockwaves          1 occurrences
villain             1 occurrences
hater               1 occurrences
themwatch           1 occurrences
orwellian           6 occurrences
herehere            2 occurrences
proterror           1 occurrences
drifts              1 occurrences
emptying            3 occurrences
avowed              1 occurrences
languish            2 occurrences
clemency            2 occurrences
gratitudeamong      1 occurrences
leavenworth         9 occurrences
heatofthebattle     1 occurrences
livesquoteboxcenter 1 occurrences
allen               4 occurrences
quoteboxcenterthe   1 occurrences
fluctuating         1 occurrences
paroled             1 occurrences
incarceratedamong   1 occurrences
clint               1 occurrences
lorance             5 occurrences
ordering            7 occurrences
scouts              2 occurrences
kandahar            1 occurrences
platoon             2 occurrences
motorcycles         1 occurrences
scoutsa             1 occurrences
freeclintlorancecom 1 occurrences
whitehousegov       1 occurrences
actioncritics       1 occurrences
conviction          16 occurrences
himit               2 occurrences
sgt                 13 occurrences
talibanheld         1 occurrences
penetrated          4 occurrences
combatant           1 occurrences
interrogation       2 occurrences
selfdefense         3 occurrences
prisonus            1 occurrences
hatley              3 occurrences
decorated           7 occurrences
firefight           1 occurrences
radioed             1 occurrences
teamtwo             1 occurrences
cunningham          1 occurrences
assaulting          3 occurrences
asleep              2 occurrences
insurgents          6 occurrences
blindfolded         1 occurrences
dumped              7 occurrences
canal               3 occurrences
foundhatley         1 occurrences
freejohnhatleycomlaw1 occurrences
daunting            1 occurrences
noninfantry         1 occurrences
addedwhile          1 occurrences
mitigating          1 occurrences
rehabilitation      2 occurrences
heldaccording       1 occurrences
reengaging          1 occurrences
plucked             2 occurrences
catchphrase         1 occurrences
reprised            1 occurrences
realty              1 occurrences
apprentice          1 occurrences
interviewit         1 occurrences
unconventional      1 occurrences
confounded          1 occurrences
nominationmr        1 occurrences
summoned            2 occurrences
underconstruction   1 occurrences
capitalthe          1 occurrences
refurbished         1 occurrences
luxurious           3 occurrences
suites              1 occurrences
ballroom            2 occurrences
washingtonhe        1 occurrences
septemberwhen       1 occurrences
cavernous           3 occurrences
atrium              1 occurrences
alicia              1 occurrences
veteransshe         1 occurrences
podiumpleased       1 occurrences
tycoonasked         1 occurrences
onthespot           1 occurrences
instinct            1 occurrences
jackhole            1 occurrences
wallets             2 occurrences
judgments           6 occurrences
banzhafwith         1 occurrences
banzhaf             7 occurrences
defies              3 occurrences
categorization      1 occurrences
gadfly              1 occurrences
explainsantitrumpers1 occurrences
damagessuits        1 occurrences
profbanzhaf         2 occurrences
disruptorssue       1 occurrences
disruptors          1 occurrences
jams                1 occurrences
christiesuing       1 occurrences
slaponthewrist      1 occurrences
trialsthe           1 occurrences
chained             4 occurrences
jacinta             1 occurrences
orleansbut          1 occurrences
exampleswhen        1 occurrences
shepherd            1 occurrences
acid                2 occurrences
whaling             1 occurrences
brokenin            1 occurrences
pipeline            12 occurrences
conductas           1 occurrences
painless            1 occurrences
trespass            3 occurrences
restitutionsimilarly1 occurrences
eleven              3 occurrences
mall                6 occurrences
bloomingtonin       1 occurrences
misdemeanor         4 occurrences
generates           1 occurrences
publicity           2 occurrences
grievance           1 occurrences
banzhafwhile        1 occurrences
gwbridge            1 occurrences
suitsusing          1 occurrences
deterring           1 occurrences
banzhafvia          1 occurrences
prlog               1 occurrences
flashback           3 occurrences
strains             1 occurrences
numbersusa          2 occurrences
bmw                 9 occurrences
thougha             1 occurrences
dealership          3 occurrences
stampsnicholas      1 occurrences
burglarized         1 occurrences
officeauthorities   1 occurrences
intersectionwhen    1 occurrences
officevia           2 occurrences
smartmatic          6 occurrences
balloting           1 occurrences
caucuses            4 occurrences
mallochbrown        5 occurrences
billionairethe      1 occurrences
tablets             1 occurrences
smartphones         2 occurrences
receipt             2 occurrences
correctly           7 occurrences
registrations       2 occurrences
mugica              1 occurrences
electionequipment   1 occurrences
electionmugica      1 occurrences
backups             1 occurrences
breachesthe         1 occurrences
radicalleft         1 occurrences
bio                 2 occurrences
statesmark          1 occurrences
affairsmark         1 occurrences
kofi                1 occurrences
annan               1 occurrences
undp                1 occurrences
cabinetother        1 occurrences
vicechairman        4 occurrences
vicepresident       3 occurrences
sawyer              1 occurrences
economistbesides    1 occurrences
illegallyfederal    1 occurrences
detainers           2 occurrences
framingham          2 occurrences
boyfriend           3 occurrences
learnedtwo          1 occurrences
neudauerelmer       1 occurrences
kidnapping          7 occurrences
ariel               2 occurrences
intimidationhe      1 occurrences
disorderly          3 occurrences
neudaueranother     1 occurrences
adan                1 occurrences
marlon              1 occurrences
josue               1 occurrences
jarquinfelipe       2 occurrences
neudauerneudauer    1 occurrences
stillshaken         1 occurrences
grouch              1 occurrences
honduran            9 occurrences
berta               4 occurrences
ceres               20 occurrences
zelaya              7 occurrences
homebefore          1 occurrences
legitimating        2 occurrences
murderersberta      1 occurrences
awardwinning        1 occurrences
copinh              1 occurrences
logging             1 occurrences
hydropower          1 occurrences
fmo                 1 occurrences
murky               2 occurrences
chomsky             1 occurrences
gunpoint            4 occurrences
pyjamas             1 occurrences
etat                1 occurrences
dictionaries        1 occurrences
everywhereas        1 occurrences
nonhumanitarian     1 occurrences
relent              3 occurrences
cablesin            1 occurrences
institutionalize    1 occurrences
exhaustion          1 occurrences
mel                 1 occurrences
sideline            1 occurrences
militarism          1 occurrences
clintonbrokered     1 occurrences
militarized         1 occurrences
coupgovernment      1 occurrences
criminalized        1 occurrences
counterinsurgency   1 occurrences
extractors          1 occurrences
terrorized          5 occurrences
paperback           1 occurrences
choicesaccording    1 occurrences
bel                 1 occurrences
fern                2 occurrences
ndez                2 occurrences
airbrushed          1 occurrences
strategized         3 occurrences
moot                3 occurrences
liza                1 occurrences
featherstone        1 occurrences
feminism            2 occurrences
clintonaside        1 occurrences
shapeshifting       1 occurrences
consolidation       2 occurrences
gustavo             1 occurrences
gunmen              4 occurrences
burst               4 occurrences
lockdown            1 occurrences
nationin            1 occurrences
memoir              1 occurrences
thatin              2 occurrences
espinosa            1 occurrences
mootclinton         1 occurrences
zelayagrahame       1 occurrences
canadianbacked      1 occurrences
lens                1 occurrences
bemoaned            1 occurrences
underreporting      1 occurrences
clintonbacked       1 occurrences
pickingoff          1 occurrences
miners              5 occurrences
kazakhstan          1 occurrences
shoppingthe         1 occurrences
dispel              2 occurrences
hegemony            1 occurrences
untimely            1 occurrences
tab                 10 occurrences
trips               16 occurrences
vacationswhy        1 occurrences
itfirst             1 occurrences
cubaobama           1 occurrences
touring             3 occurrences
cardinal            3 occurrences
jaime               1 occurrences
cathedralthe        1 occurrences
glimpse             2 occurrences
countriesobama      1 occurrences
palace              3 occurrences
exhibition          1 occurrences
gamehis             1 occurrences
muchanticipated     2 occurrences
stressing           2 occurrences
marti               1 occurrences
nascent             1 occurrences
privatesector       5 occurrences
eveningdespite      1 occurrences
invitees            2 occurrences
impediments         1 occurrences
generationsold      1 occurrences
cristina            2 occurrences
casa                1 occurrences
rosada              1 occurrences
feted               1 occurrences
picturesque         2 occurrences
patagonia           1 occurrences
confederal          1 occurrences
caledonia           3 occurrences
morningdonovan      1 occurrences
stokes              4 occurrences
symbolize           1 occurrences
jolene              1 occurrences
infringed           4 occurrences
orderly             2 occurrences
saidrodriguez       1 occurrences
saiddonovan         1 occurrences
saidhowever         2 occurrences
stabler             3 occurrences
confederacy         4 occurrences
myth                3 occurrences
symbolizes          1 occurrences
sustaining          1 occurrences
bondage             1 occurrences
saidstabler         1 occurrences
descent             3 occurrences
saidstokes          1 occurrences
longsleeve          1 occurrences
ithe                1 occurrences
belt                2 occurrences
handbook            3 occurrences
racismread          1 occurrences
woodtv              1 occurrences
leaning             4 occurrences
orin                1 occurrences
bluff               2 occurrences
biting              1 occurrences
republicanscspan    1 occurrences
flank               2 occurrences
garlandgarland      1 occurrences
arnold              7 occurrences
generalat           1 occurrences
moderation          2 occurrences
habeas              6 occurrences
corpus              6 occurrences
leased              4 occurrences
rasul               1 occurrences
remand              1 occurrences
liberalsread        1 occurrences
christ              11 occurrences
ounce               2 occurrences
holdersthe          1 occurrences
governs             2 occurrences
faust               6 occurrences
minow               2 occurrences
sheaves             1 occurrences
wheat               3 occurrences
motto               4 occurrences
veritas             1 occurrences
topthe              1 occurrences
royall              1 occurrences
antiguan            1 occurrences
slaveholder         1 occurrences
endower             1 occurrences
professorship       1 occurrences
revising            2 occurrences
historymaybe        1 occurrences
brownharvard        1 occurrences
bernhard            1 occurrences
megbernhard         1 occurrences
tshirt              1 occurrences
portraits           5 occurrences
defaced             1 occurrences
strips              1 occurrences
diagonally          1 occurrences
wasserstein         1 occurrences
hallways            2 occurrences
professorsharvard   1 occurrences
michele             5 occurrences
decolonization      1 occurrences
schoolhere          1 occurrences
mindful             2 occurrences
wndin               1 occurrences
commuity            1 occurrences
agitator            2 occurrences
beg                 2 occurrences
remark              5 occurrences
hay                 1 occurrences
converging          1 occurrences
peice               1 occurrences
cheese              9 occurrences
protectingan        1 occurrences
limb                2 occurrences
drank               2 occurrences
leadcontaminated    1 occurrences
waterhouse          1 occurrences
flintin             1 occurrences
statedchaffetz      1 occurrences
incredulous         1 occurrences
hedman              1 occurrences
midwest             5 occurrences
baiters             2 occurrences
skips               2 occurrences
anton               1 occurrences
hipster             1 occurrences
baron               1 occurrences
momentarily         1 occurrences
affairsby           1 occurrences
jaded               1 occurrences
interminable        1 occurrences
officeor            1 occurrences
disliked            2 occurrences
prize               2 occurrences
sycophantic         1 occurrences
psychology          2 occurrences
nah                 1 occurrences
conceptso           1 occurrences
viennathese         1 occurrences
excerpts            4 occurrences
monolingual         1 occurrences
congruent           1 occurrences
sovereigntyobviously1 occurrences
sovereigntywe       1 occurrences
piecei              1 occurrences
perish              4 occurrences
earthso             1 occurrences
underminedsome      1 occurrences
deus                1 occurrences
machina             1 occurrences
pronounce           1 occurrences
erected             5 occurrences
immigrationthe      3 occurrences
clair               1 occurrences
counsels            2 occurrences
nationsit           1 occurrences
fallacious          2 occurrences
hypocrisythere      1 occurrences
defends             3 occurrences
colonists           1 occurrences
violently           1 occurrences
asserted            8 occurrences
submitting          2 occurrences
euso                1 occurrences
stersund            3 occurrences
rampage             1 occurrences
stopthe             2 occurrences
migrantswomen       1 occurrences
accommodation       6 occurrences
filledspeaking      1 occurrences
chiefs              11 occurrences
jerand              1 occurrences
perpetrators        5 occurrences
worrying            3 occurrences
townhe              1 occurrences
rapes               6 occurrences
travelling          2 occurrences
outdo               1 occurrences
refugeeswe          1 occurrences
goodies             5 occurrences
entitlements        5 occurrences
sustainablethe      1 occurrences
alreadytrump        1 occurrences
toyed               1 occurrences
itamerica           1 occurrences
pervert             1 occurrences
liedpatricia        1 occurrences
deathinstead        1 occurrences
circulating         3 occurrences
falsewhen           1 occurrences
viathe              1 occurrences
federalistof        1 occurrences
greiving            1 occurrences
alqaidalike         1 occurrences
benghazithe         1 occurrences
spontaneous         4 occurrences
clearevery          1 occurrences
unlikelyahead       1 occurrences
enthusiastic        4 occurrences
candidatebrenda     1 occurrences
betancourt          1 occurrences
notary              1 occurrences
calle               1 occurrences
ocho                1 occurrences
canvases            1 occurrences
prefer              10 occurrences
counterintuitive    1 occurrences
injo                1 occurrences
boykin              1 occurrences
awakening           2 occurrences
neutral             5 occurrences
eddy                1 occurrences
cuethe              1 occurrences
bypasses            6 occurrences
ios                 5 occurrences
brute               2 occurrences
passcode            3 occurrences
modifications       1 occurrences
backdoors           1 occurrences
smartphonescue      1 occurrences
univision           3 occurrences
exerpt              1 occurrences
cookthe             1 occurrences
undeniably          3 occurrences
signaturebut        1 occurrences
bullshit            1 occurrences
herefor             1 occurrences
sheldon             4 occurrences
sham                3 occurrences
chargeslynch        1 occurrences
referral            1 occurrences
convene             2 occurrences
askedlynch          1 occurrences
wiggle              1 occurrences
deschutes           2 occurrences
lavoy               19 occurrences
infowarsafter       1 occurrences
agreehere           1 occurrences
finicumwe           1 occurrences
tuesdayoregon       2 occurrences
bendclick           1 occurrences
finicuman           1 occurrences
roundsas            1 occurrences
placement           5 occurrences
officialsduring     1 occurrences
figuresvideo        1 occurrences
occupants           1 occurrences
truckwith           1 occurrences
stereofinicum       1 occurrences
roadblock           3 occurrences
saida               1 occurrences
trooper             4 occurrences
plowed              1 occurrences
snowbank            1 occurrences
snow                6 occurrences
jacket              5 occurrences
pocketoregon        1 occurrences
gunoccupation       1 occurrences
surrenderedfinicum  1 occurrences
relinquish          2 occurrences
lands               10 occurrences
fireshis            1 occurrences
decrying            1 occurrences
parliment           2 occurrences
ignorning           1 occurrences
sneers              1 occurrences
disharmony          1 occurrences
concede             1 occurrences
locker              9 occurrences
traumatized         3 occurrences
anatomythe          1 occurrences
clarify             3 occurrences
mandates            10 occurrences
immediatelyhe       1 occurrences
bronxbased          1 occurrences
tomorrowread        1 occurrences
nydn                3 occurrences
ace                 1 occurrences
onenight            1 occurrences
presidente          1 occurrences
pritzker            1 occurrences
ernest              3 occurrences
moniz               5 occurrences
jewellthe           1 occurrences
lastminute          2 occurrences
itineraries         1 occurrences
vip                 1 occurrences
satisfying          1 occurrences
addedbiden          1 occurrences
rightcaving         1 occurrences
proimmigrant        1 occurrences
reprieves           1 occurrences
amnestiesthis       1 occurrences
drinking            4 occurrences
decaying            1 occurrences
smelled             2 occurrences
reportnow           1 occurrences
spanishlanguage     4 occurrences
opting              3 occurrences
poisoning           3 occurrences
potable             2 occurrences
antidefamation      1 occurrences
adl                 2 occurrences
indignation         1 occurrences
flintarea           1 occurrences
stresses            3 occurrences
lapdog              1 occurrences
obliged             2 occurrences
guaranteeing        1 occurrences
waterrelated        1 occurrences
mckasey             1 occurrences
tampons             5 occurrences
condoms             2 occurrences
thoughit            1 occurrences
lawfive             1 occurrences
rogaine             1 occurrences
powder              3 occurrences
cleanliness         1 occurrences
necessities         2 occurrences
immediatelyread     1 occurrences
terroriststhe       2 occurrences
usan                1 occurrences
quantitatively      1 occurrences
qualitatively       1 occurrences
vow                 2 occurrences
isaias              1 occurrences
franco              3 occurrences
juarez              4 occurrences
texasus             1 occurrences
yearsimilar         1 occurrences
blanca              1 occurrences
sheltershe          1 occurrences
tegucigalpa         1 occurrences
leavecbp            1 occurrences
yearisaias          1 occurrences
wndmexico           1 occurrences
wallmexico          1 occurrences
saidtrump           1 occurrences
drugsin             1 occurrences
videgaray           1 occurrences
categorically       1 occurrences
circumstance        4 occurrences
runners             2 occurrences
crows               1 occurrences
statistic           1 occurrences
meaninglessdespite  1 occurrences
stampsbloomberg     1 occurrences
stampsseveral       1 occurrences
signup              1 occurrences
forwe               1 occurrences
rector              1 occurrences
enablers            1 occurrences
relianceas          1 occurrences
declineread         1 occurrences
developmentthe      3 occurrences
progressinga        1 occurrences
bryan               1 occurrences
tomi                2 occurrences
authorit            1 occurrences
cheer               4 occurrences
representativefrom  1 occurrences
countryi            1 occurrences
moneyyou            1 occurrences
dimeyou             1 occurrences
yorkyou             1 occurrences
analogy             3 occurrences
disrespected        3 occurrences
usso                1 occurrences
boarded             3 occurrences
deaf                2 occurrences
earsyou             1 occurrences
basement            8 occurrences
infested            1 occurrences
raccoons            4 occurrences
overtaken           1 occurrences
exterminators       1 occurrences
guarantees          5 occurrences
swears              1 occurrences
plumber             1 occurrences
egomaniac           2 occurrences
twofaced            1 occurrences
gutless             1 occurrences
invade              5 occurrences
megan               2 occurrences
rosie               1 occurrences
donnell             5 occurrences
persecuted          9 occurrences
ricardo             1 occurrences
hasid               1 occurrences
saint               2 occurrences
beholden            4 occurrences
negotiator          3 occurrences
egotist             1 occurrences
liaroh              1 occurrences
thisfeds            1 occurrences
fearsthese          1 occurrences
moochers            1 occurrences
roper               5 occurrences
englishilhan        1 occurrences
relay               1 occurrences
stribroper          2 occurrences
noor                1 occurrences
electionswatch      1 occurrences
delegatesthe        2 occurrences
contests            2 occurrences
partiesbut          1 occurrences
democratslike       1 occurrences
twists              1 occurrences
candidatethe        2 occurrences
processq            1 occurrences
partiesa            1 occurrences
nominationq         1 occurrences
therea              1 occurrences
winq                1 occurrences
superdelegates      8 occurrences
superdelegatesa     1 occurrences
unpledged           1 occurrences
conventionthere     1 occurrences
superdelegateall    1 occurrences
speakers            3 occurrences
superdelegatesq     1 occurrences
supporta            1 occurrences
conventions         5 occurrences
proportionate       2 occurrences
winnertakeall       2 occurrences
methodsstates       1 occurrences
votein              1 occurrences
proportionallyq     1 occurrences
racea               1 occurrences
yearfor             1 occurrences
reallocated         2 occurrences
candidatesnomination1 occurrences
votesthe            1 occurrences
flatten             1 occurrences
generating          3 occurrences
mindit              1 occurrences
receivessanders     1 occurrences
granite             1 occurrences
delegatesnew        1 occurrences
neitherunder        1 occurrences
primarynew          1 occurrences
amthe               1 occurrences
uncommitted         1 occurrences
documentsbut        1 occurrences
sofor               1 occurrences
nypost              1 occurrences
girlsliberal        1 occurrences
hangs               5 occurrences
videoyou            1 occurrences
bathroomlocker      1 occurrences
ideaclayton         1 occurrences
restrooms           1 occurrences
storiesplease       1 occurrences
clicking            8 occurrences
crossdressing       3 occurrences
restroom            3 occurrences
offender            4 occurrences
bra                 1 occurrences
showered            1 occurrences
gratification       1 occurrences
peeper              1 occurrences
infiltrates         1 occurrences
cal                 3 occurrences
dorm                1 occurrences
purdue              1 occurrences
underage            2 occurrences
hustler             1 occurrences
indoctrinated       1 occurrences
whitebad            1 occurrences
blackvictim         1 occurrences
notches             1 occurrences
lincolnupdate       1 occurrences
dahmer              1 occurrences
monthtwo            1 occurrences
ferociously         1 occurrences
cantonon            1 occurrences
gubernatorial       1 occurrences
letterhead          1 occurrences
earnestly           1 occurrences
strive              1 occurrences
linesfor            1 occurrences
atheists            2 occurrences
mocking             3 occurrences
nativity            4 occurrences
childish            1 occurrences
downtexas           1 occurrences
atheist             2 occurrences
nativityscene       1 occurrences
parody              2 occurrences
decemberthe         2 occurrences
exhibit             2 occurrences
commemorating       1 occurrences
manger              2 occurrences
satirical           2 occurrences
juvenile            1 occurrences
biblical            1 occurrences
jesus               5 occurrences
bethlehem           7 occurrences
texans              8 occurrences
tasteless           1 occurrences
spiteful            2 occurrences
offend              7 occurrences
moms                5 occurrences
nowit               1 occurrences
suppose             4 occurrences
zuckerberg          6 occurrences
lifemark            1 occurrences
admonishment        1 occurrences
opinionsmark        1 occurrences
facebookspeaking    1 occurrences
insipiring          1 occurrences
needing             1 occurrences
overheard           1 occurrences
repliedthe          1 occurrences
frost               1 occurrences
antihate            1 occurrences
platformsome        1 occurrences
crisishis           1 occurrences
squash              1 occurrences
helloooo            1 occurrences
collapsinginsurance 1 occurrences
unitedhealthcare    2 occurrences
obamacarein         2 occurrences
againdesperate      1 occurrences
scrambled           5 occurrences
publicpresident     1 occurrences
illegalthis         1 occurrences
reinsurance         2 occurrences
selfinsures         1 occurrences
compensationthe     1 occurrences
forsome             1 occurrences
lossesbut           1 occurrences
heist               1 occurrences
againanyone         1 occurrences
afoul               2 occurrences
hooked              3 occurrences
diversion           1 occurrences
millionhow          1 occurrences
allowsread          1 occurrences
illequipped         2 occurrences
handsa              1 occurrences
hereon              1 occurrences
jackets             2 occurrences
wives               4 occurrences
girlfriends         1 occurrences
oslo                6 occurrences
uniformthe          1 occurrences
jundullaah          1 occurrences
unbelievers         1 occurrences
statementthe        4 occurrences
cheston             1 occurrences
hadia               1 occurrences
tajik               1 occurrences
tajiknow            1 occurrences
happengreat         1 occurrences
tajikthe            1 occurrences
ummah               3 occurrences
arijon              1 occurrences
drammen             1 occurrences
nsbergmany          1 occurrences
ubaydullah          1 occurrences
recruiting          9 occurrences
pst                 4 occurrences
siv                 4 occurrences
als                 1 occurrences
vgso                1 occurrences
viking              1 occurrences
awaken              1 occurrences
illustrated         3 occurrences
berserk             1 occurrences
hibernationall      1 occurrences
distracted          6 occurrences
foil                4 occurrences
fuels               5 occurrences
tuesdaysometimes    1 occurrences
whereaboutshere     1 occurrences
saidoverall         1 occurrences
surged              1 occurrences
sheer               5 occurrences
upmr                1 occurrences
emptyhanded         1 occurrences
itread              1 occurrences
workersone          1 occurrences
leo                 4 occurrences
perrero             3 occurrences
laborlike           1 occurrences
edison              4 occurrences
replacements        5 occurrences
undoubtedly         4 occurrences
replacementsread    1 occurrences
maccallum           2 occurrences
hearingsen          1 occurrences
choicemaccallum     1 occurrences
thatlee             1 occurrences
prerogative         2 occurrences
arise               4 occurrences
partymaccallum      1 occurrences
listens             1 occurrences
adherent            1 occurrences
hilllee             1 occurrences
boundaries          5 occurrences
crosstalkmaccallum  1 occurrences
hesitation          4 occurrences
understandingvia    1 occurrences
justifies           2 occurrences
eternally           1 occurrences
eac                 19 occurrences
federally           3 occurrences
formunder           1 occurrences
designing           1 occurrences
voterregistration   3 occurrences
satisfactory        1 occurrences
voteunder           1 occurrences
secion              1 occurrences
seventeenth         1 occurrences
disdains            1 occurrences
centralized         1 occurrences
dcso                1 occurrences
citizenshipverification2 occurrences
institutional       6 occurrences
chicanos            1 occurrences
causa               1 occurrences
inter               1 occurrences
tribal              4 occurrences
courthowever        1 occurrences
stipulated          1 occurrences
proofofcitizenship  1 occurrences
effectuate          1 occurrences
nondiscretionary    1 occurrences
statespecific       1 occurrences
attach              3 occurrences
formalice           1 occurrences
quorum              2 occurrences
fourmember          1 occurrences
reasonsfirst        1 occurrences
consults            1 occurrences
controlallowing     1 occurrences
obliterates         1 occurrences
voterintimidation   1 occurrences
electionintegrity   1 occurrences
raceneutral         1 occurrences
statuteit           1 occurrences
impressions         1 occurrences
litigationon        1 occurrences
gladiator           2 occurrences
naacp               10 occurrences
ldf                 1 occurrences
voterid             1 occurrences
felondisenfranchisement1 occurrences
votingrights        1 occurrences
spells              5 occurrences
customersfebruary   1 occurrences
handthis            1 occurrences
stakesmartphones    1 occurrences
goingall            1 occurrences
datacompromising    1 occurrences
usfor               1 occurrences
businesswe          1 occurrences
mourn               1 occurrences
terroristswhen      1 occurrences
disposalwe          1 occurrences
iphonespecifically  1 occurrences
possessionthe       1 occurrences
controlsome         1 occurrences
cleancut            1 occurrences
unlocks             1 occurrences
knowledgethe        1 occurrences
acceptablethe       1 occurrences
advancements        1 occurrences
cybercriminals      1 occurrences
weaken              1 occurrences
safewe              1 occurrences
cryptologists       1 occurrences
weakening           3 occurrences
wellmeaning         1 occurrences
encrypt             1 occurrences
themrather          1 occurrences
writs               2 occurrences
authoritythe        1 occurrences
combinations        1 occurrences
computerthe         1 occurrences
knowledgeopposing   1 occurrences
lightly             3 occurrences
governmentwe        1 occurrences
implicationswhile   1 occurrences
protecttim          1 occurrences
ceorush             1 occurrences
skyhook             1 occurrences
phonedo             1 occurrences
thingssince         1 occurrences
phoneyou            1 occurrences
clicksif            1 occurrences
mdm                 1 occurrences
init                1 occurrences
usesthe             1 occurrences
wager               3 occurrences
thisapple           1 occurrences
icloud              1 occurrences
confirmations       1 occurrences
highestranking      1 occurrences
nownow              1 occurrences
processpresident    1 occurrences
arises              4 occurrences
yearbut             3 occurrences
officeholder        1 occurrences
officepresident     1 occurrences
obamathensenator    1 occurrences
alito               6 occurrences
mysteriously        3 occurrences
regrets             5 occurrences
rubber              2 occurrences
havevice            1 occurrences
bidenwhen           1 occurrences
chaired             2 occurrences
invented            3 occurrences
borking             1 occurrences
bork                2 occurrences
siegan              1 occurrences
senatorial          1 occurrences
muck                1 occurrences
yea                 2 occurrences
naya                1 occurrences
legend              4 occurrences
mediain             1 occurrences
extinguishes        1 occurrences
cloture             8 occurrences
succeeding          1 occurrences
reapportionment     1 occurrences
reidas              1 occurrences
invoking            2 occurrences
judgeships          1 occurrences
notably             6 occurrences
courtof             1 occurrences
flipflopping        1 occurrences
judgeship           2 occurrences
estrada             1 occurrences
housebut            1 occurrences
prescribed          7 occurrences
chided              1 occurrences
enact               3 occurrences
schumersenator      1 occurrences
extremein           1 occurrences
presumption         1 occurrences
dangerously         2 occurrences
weeksenate          1 occurrences
leahysenator        1 occurrences
yeardecember        1 occurrences
thurmond            3 occurrences
strom               1 occurrences
guessing            3 occurrences
happiest            1 occurrences
dena                1 occurrences
lowwage             7 occurrences
mistreat            1 occurrences
interviewyet        1 occurrences
constituent         2 occurrences
champion            14 occurrences
wellliked           1 occurrences
workplaces          1 occurrences
underpaid           1 occurrences
grandmother         7 occurrences
wagedepressing      1 occurrences
visain              1 occurrences
energetic           1 occurrences
fared               1 occurrences
stressful           2 occurrences
wellrunning         1 occurrences
hoard               1 occurrences
exdisney            1 occurrences
silentmoore         1 occurrences
programin           1 occurrences
triple              5 occurrences
secretswhile        1 occurrences
sponsorship         1 occurrences
floridian           3 occurrences
ceos                1 occurrences
blackwell           3 occurrences
lawsuitmoore        1 occurrences
ominous             2 occurrences
prejudiced          3 occurrences
tohave              1 occurrences
miserably           3 occurrences
meteoric            1 occurrences
boldly              1 occurrences
naysayers           1 occurrences
backbone            2 occurrences
firstover           1 occurrences
frontier            1 occurrences
spaghetti           1 occurrences
northward           3 occurrences
beyondpresident     1 occurrences
onetenth            1 occurrences
patrolalthough      1 occurrences
ike                 4 occurrences
fulbright           2 occurrences
individualsgeneral  1 occurrences
bordercrossing      2 occurrences
wetbacks            1 occurrences
relaxation          1 occurrences
farmerexploiters    1 occurrences
contraband          2 occurrences
herbert             2 occurrences
brownell            3 occurrences
officeamerica       1 occurrences
onandoff            1 occurrences
guestworker         2 occurrences
docile              1 occurrences
laborersaccording   1 occurrences
americansthe        4 occurrences
migratory           1 occurrences
growers             1 occurrences
stateprofits        1 occurrences
workerswalt         1 occurrences
farms               7 occurrences
ranches             2 occurrences
thencalled          1 occurrences
ins                 2 occurrences
illegalsduring      1 occurrences
jumpin              1 occurrences
commissionerinfluential1 occurrences
lyndon              2 occurrences
mccarran            2 occurrences
interestsone        1 occurrences
effectthen          1 occurrences
wetback             1 occurrences
roundup             2 occurrences
countryby           1 occurrences
midjuly             1 occurrences
idaho               8 occurrences
eastward            1 occurrences
texasby             1 occurrences
voluntarilyunlike   1 occurrences
reenter             1 occurrences
freetens            1 occurrences
mercurio            1 occurrences
ferried             1 occurrences
isabel              2 occurrences
vera                2 occurrences
souththe            2 occurrences
voyage              1 occurrences
coppock             3 occurrences
patrolman           1 occurrences
conservatism        4 occurrences
vincente            1 occurrences
illegallyborder     1 occurrences
vets                2 occurrences
curbing             1 occurrences
oust                3 occurrences
enforcementgeneral  1 occurrences
fastmoving          2 occurrences
accomplishment      2 occurrences
equaled             1 occurrences
saysdonald          1 occurrences
sealing             1 occurrences
borderedwards       1 occurrences
nonmexican          1 occurrences
upthe               1 occurrences
aided               1 occurrences
lasted              2 occurrences
racebaiterinchief   1 occurrences
hustlers            2 occurrences
photoop             1 occurrences
aislinn             1 occurrences
pulley              3 occurrences
meetingother        1 occurrences
deshaunya           1 occurrences
ware                1 occurrences
morialin            1 occurrences
truthout            1 occurrences
facilitate          6 occurrences
wroteobama          1 occurrences
constructiveness    1 occurrences
saidspeaking        1 occurrences
driveway            8 occurrences
scuttle             2 occurrences
minimized           1 occurrences
marginalized        1 occurrences
sprung              1 occurrences
antipolice          5 occurrences
pope                34 occurrences
basket              2 occurrences
interjecting        1 occurrences
usthis              1 occurrences
mexicoyesterday     1 occurrences
flowers             1 occurrences
perished            1 occurrences
reutersthe          2 occurrences
intoned             1 occurrences
cannon              3 occurrences
ninevites           1 occurrences
purposefully        2 occurrences
migrantsonthemove   1 occurrences
slaughtered         11 occurrences
eastwhere           1 occurrences
charitiesus         2 occurrences
ccusccb             2 occurrences
seeding             2 occurrences
locatedhere         1 occurrences
cws                 1 occurrences
ecdc                1 occurrences
hias                1 occurrences
lirs                1 occurrences
uscri               1 occurrences
emm                 1 occurrences
wri                 1 occurrences
incadditionally     1 occurrences
subcontractors      2 occurrences
nongovernmental     2 occurrences
billionsimpson      1 occurrences
advantageous        1 occurrences
fertilized          1 occurrences
spigot              1 occurrences
eightyfour          1 occurrences
seventytwo          1 occurrences
coalitionin         1 occurrences
cicilline           1 occurrences
dri                 1 occurrences
seventyone          1 occurrences
neglecting          2 occurrences
repercussions       3 occurrences
countryin           1 occurrences
hijra               2 occurrences
moneymaker          1 occurrences
makeup              7 occurrences
corcorans           1 occurrences
destructionwatch    1 occurrences
mulsim              1 occurrences
herethere           1 occurrences
generously          5 occurrences
againlink           1 occurrences
herelink            2 occurrences
oppresso            1 occurrences
liber               1 occurrences
liberate            1 occurrences
forcesa             1 occurrences
poignant            1 occurrences
proverb             2 occurrences
cowards             2 occurrences
pashtun             2 occurrences
adage               1 occurrences
martland            13 occurrences
abducted            5 occurrences
rahman              3 occurrences
coward              3 occurrences
incomprehensible    1 occurrences
resides             1 occurrences
inexplicable        1 occurrences
servicewhat         1 occurrences
dreadful            1 occurrences
dischargeable       1 occurrences
infraction          2 occurrences
beret               5 occurrences
quinn               9 occurrences
usbacked            4 occurrences
militia             27 occurrences
kirsten             2 occurrences
luce                1 occurrences
nytin               1 occurrences
berets              1 occurrences
villagers           3 occurrences
policehere          1 occurrences
scant               2 occurrences
saddled             1 occurrences
bacha               2 occurrences
bazi                2 occurrences
abduct              1 occurrences
grisly              1 occurrences
frontline           1 occurrences
tradeus             1 occurrences
hideous             1 occurrences
expendable          1 occurrences
mores               3 occurrences
tribesman           1 occurrences
afghanistanthis     1 occurrences
kissed              1 occurrences
predator            5 occurrences
trafficker          1 occurrences
beater              1 occurrences
militarywhat        1 occurrences
administrationobama 1 occurrences
endlessly           2 occurrences
perpetrated         2 occurrences
abduction           5 occurrences
lip                 1 occurrences
slaverythe          1 occurrences
yore                1 occurrences
unwritten           1 occurrences
replacementmr       1 occurrences
wavering            1 occurrences
handsenate          1 occurrences
selectionyou        1 occurrences
filling             5 occurrences
softening           1 occurrences
saturdaysen         1 occurrences
thom                5 occurrences
tillis              8 occurrences
automaticallyyou    1 occurrences
unseen              3 occurrences
cralle              1 occurrences
showbut             1 occurrences
christiansthe       2 occurrences
shia                4 occurrences
percentjust         1 occurrences
muslimschristians   1 occurrences
prioritized         1 occurrences
processhere         1 occurrences
exploiting          2 occurrences
attacksfrench       1 occurrences
mixing              1 occurrences
baghdadi            1 occurrences
inflict             1 occurrences
bakr                1 occurrences
albaghdadi          1 occurrences
torrent             1 occurrences
insert              1 occurrences
mccaul              5 occurrences
herea               1 occurrences
referrals           2 occurrences
unhcr               4 occurrences
testifiedstate      1 occurrences
biographic          1 occurrences
databases           7 occurrences
againstthe          1 occurrences
infiltrators        1 occurrences
processbut          1 occurrences
eritrea             3 occurrences
adjudicators        1 occurrences
shari               1 occurrences
oic                 3 occurrences
guterresso          1 occurrences
neighborswhile      1 occurrences
ibd                 3 occurrences
cibolo              3 occurrences
ranch               18 occurrences
poindexter          8 occurrences
sourced             1 occurrences
belowit             1 occurrences
donorsit            1 occurrences
bodymr              1 occurrences
sceneif             1 occurrences
foley               1 occurrences
instapundit         1 occurrences
clauseunder         1 occurrences
con                 1 occurrences
res                 2 occurrences
concurrence         2 occurrences
dnv                 3 occurrences
reconvene           1 occurrences
sometime            6 occurrences
instapunditso       1 occurrences
cloistered          1 occurrences
advanceyet          1 occurrences
elegant             1 occurrences
intellect           1 occurrences
breakfast           9 occurrences
morningit           1 occurrences
presidio            2 occurrences
cinderela           1 occurrences
pronounced          5 occurrences
permissible         2 occurrences
autopsyas           1 occurrences
demise              3 occurrences
opaque              1 occurrences
autopsy             8 occurrences
oneone              1 occurrences
juanita             1 occurrences
chaotic             5 occurrences
marfameanwhile      1 occurrences
weekguevara         1 occurrences
rebutted            1 occurrences
myocardial          2 occurrences
infarction          2 occurrences
stoke               2 occurrences
doused              2 occurrences
reportedalso        1 occurrences
marshal             4 occurrences
scenarios           2 occurrences
interloper          1 occurrences
escapes             3 occurrences
unseenscalia        1 occurrences
homicidelet         1 occurrences
conjecture          1 occurrences
examiners           2 occurrences
autopsymany         1 occurrences
conspiracyminded    1 occurrences
asphyxiate          1 occurrences
telltale            2 occurrences
suffocation         4 occurrences
hemorrhages         1 occurrences
corpse              1 occurrences
homicideeven        1 occurrences
homicidal           1 occurrences
smothering          1 occurrences
pathology           1 occurrences
asphyxia            1 occurrences
corroborative       1 occurrences
nurse               11 occurrences
muscle              1 occurrences
relaxant            1 occurrences
succinylcholine     2 occurrences
inject              2 occurrences
breathing           1 occurrences
awake               3 occurrences
doses               1 occurrences
paralyses           1 occurrences
breath              1 occurrences
autopsies           1 occurrences
smiles              2 occurrences
sob                 1 occurrences
controller          1 occurrences
augustine           1 occurrences
injected            1 occurrences
hubby               1 occurrences
nabbed              2 occurrences
pondering           1 occurrences
needle              1 occurrences
markthe             1 occurrences
traces              4 occurrences
metabolites         1 occurrences
autopsythe          1 occurrences
ponder              2 occurrences
monoxide            2 occurrences
undetectable        1 occurrences
smell               3 occurrences
hose                1 occurrences
tailpipe            1 occurrences
wangler             1 occurrences
commercially        1 occurrences
canister            1 occurrences
hosethere           1 occurrences
froth               1 occurrences
mesince             1 occurrences
commandoes          1 occurrences
assignment          3 occurrences
armchair            1 occurrences
litigant            1 occurrences
courtroomdeadly     1 occurrences
anthrax             8 occurrences
spores              3 occurrences
sri                 2 occurrences
srinivasan          4 occurrences
indianamerican      1 occurrences
probusiness         1 occurrences
stellar             1 occurrences
resumeif            1 occurrences
obamasrinivasan     1 occurrences
courtmany           1 occurrences
tended              1 occurrences
springboard         2 occurrences
clarence            5 occurrences
ginsburgthe         1 occurrences
watford             2 occurrences
nguyen              1 occurrences
vietnameseamerican  1 occurrences
watfordlittle       1 occurrences
heterosexual        3 occurrences
couples             13 occurrences
pave                2 occurrences
nationwidevia       1 occurrences
allthey             1 occurrences
laredo              10 occurrences
cubanos             3 occurrences
libertad            3 occurrences
migrantslaredo      1 occurrences
fastrising          1 occurrences
hoursthey           1 occurrences
rodny               1 occurrences
polo                1 occurrences
weekcubans          1 occurrences
ilana               1 occurrences
panichlinsmanthe    1 occurrences
artifact            2 occurrences
mexicanamerican     2 occurrences
dlaredo             1 occurrences
loiter              1 occurrences
chartering          1 occurrences
lopez               13 occurrences
combinedmilton      1 occurrences
borges              1 occurrences
greets              1 occurrences
pregnant            2 occurrences
lisbeth             1 occurrences
torres              2 occurrences
courtunder          1 occurrences
polices             1 occurrences
citizenshipread     1 occurrences
statesman           1 occurrences
mastered            1 occurrences
nationthe           1 occurrences
adjournment         1 occurrences
opportunityhere     1 occurrences
assigns             1 occurrences
languishes          1 occurrences
actionwithin        1 occurrences
abundantly          2 occurrences
approvalif          1 occurrences
impasse             3 occurrences
narrowed            1 occurrences
frustrate           1 occurrences
maneuverit          1 occurrences
markedlythe         1 occurrences
senatethe           1 occurrences
noel                2 occurrences
canningthe          1 occurrences
recesses            1 occurrences
resulthere          1 occurrences
decidedfirst        1 occurrences
sessionsecond       1 occurrences
beganthird          1 occurrences
nothingfourth       1 occurrences
inconsequential     1 occurrences
actionsuppose       1 occurrences
scenariosuppose     1 occurrences
homecould           1 occurrences
authorityin         1 occurrences
iiread              1 occurrences
scotusblog          2 occurrences
deathaccording      1 occurrences
politicsyet         1 occurrences
attackhouston       1 occurrences
entertaining        1 occurrences
outing              8 occurrences
unwrinkled          1 occurrences
restfully           1 occurrences
awakened            4 occurrences
nap                 1 occurrences
saidscalia          1 occurrences
resuscitation       3 occurrences
encountering        1 occurrences
superbly            1 occurrences
marfa               1 occurrences
sunset              1 occurrences
lujanread           1 occurrences
handcarried         1 occurrences
cannons             1 occurrences
handheld            1 occurrences
launchers           2 occurrences
airplanes           1 occurrences
scaliagun           1 occurrences
nrawatch            1 occurrences
shines              2 occurrences
brilliance          1 occurrences
sotu                4 occurrences
nationscalia        1 occurrences
adjourns            1 occurrences
senatethis          1 occurrences
effyou              1 occurrences
officegod           1 occurrences
spine               2 occurrences
reprobates          1 occurrences
shook               2 occurrences
reshape             1 occurrences
racedemocrats       1 occurrences
statementnews       1 occurrences
upwith              1 occurrences
republicanappointed 1 occurrences
tilt                2 occurrences
decidedly           1 occurrences
chancevia           1 occurrences
newsexpress         1 occurrences
texasappointed      1 occurrences
strident            1 occurrences
theatrical          1 occurrences
flair               2 occurrences
courtroomobama      1 occurrences
stiff               3 occurrences
electionobama       3 occurrences
immigrationpossible 1 occurrences
replacementsscalia  1 occurrences
ninejustice         1 occurrences
courtobama          1 occurrences
elena               3 occurrences
kagan               3 occurrences
smooth              3 occurrences
livestreaming       1 occurrences
belownevada         1 occurrences
cliven              9 occurrences
ptremaining         1 occurrences
tentatively         1 occurrences
frantic             5 occurrences
negotiationsfranklin1 occurrences
evangelist          2 occurrences
ore                 2 occurrences
checkpointgraham    1 occurrences
holdouts            5 occurrences
fiore               11 occurrences
sympathizer         1 occurrences
livestreamed        2 occurrences
broadcastlive       1 occurrences
feedslow            1 occurrences
fbioregon           1 occurrences
conspiracysome      1 occurrences
ranchthe            1 occurrences
grazing             3 occurrences
cattle              16 occurrences
aidhe               1 occurrences
prisonersgavin      1 occurrences
seim                6 occurrences
livestreamer        2 occurrences
livestream          1 occurrences
surrenderingfry     1 occurrences
saidseim            1 occurrences
outsean             1 occurrences
livefeed            1 occurrences
patting             2 occurrences
summarynevada       1 occurrences
reverend            5 occurrences
outthe              1 occurrences
prisonnevada        1 occurrences
todayfrom           1 occurrences
conciliatorysean    1 occurrences
thursdayhe          1 occurrences
checkpointboth      1 occurrences
andersons           3 occurrences
haul                4 occurrences
darkness            2 occurrences
heater              5 occurrences
propane             1 occurrences
cos                 1 occurrences
freezing            2 occurrences
fiorethere          1 occurrences
communicate         9 occurrences
cusp                1 occurrences
lighting            9 occurrences
misunderstand       1 occurrences
happeningamid       1 occurrences
flammable           1 occurrences
fucking             2 occurrences
narrows             1 occurrences
photograph          6 occurrences
sayingthey          1 occurrences
barricades          1 occurrences
mixture             2 occurrences
cheerleader         1 occurrences
backshe             1 occurrences
hoursfiore          1 occurrences
cellphone           5 occurrences
braveheart          1 occurrences
andersonthe         1 occurrences
janesville          1 occurrences
riggins             1 occurrences
stationidaho        1 occurrences
chafing             1 occurrences
landidaho           1 occurrences
giddings            1 occurrences
broadcastingsean    1 occurrences
paraphernalia       3 occurrences
thc                 1 occurrences
intoxicating        1 occurrences
marijuanahe         1 occurrences
misdemeanors        1 occurrences
dwelling            1 occurrences
dipo                2 occurrences
lewiston            2 occurrences
praysandy           1 occurrences
sessionfiore        1 occurrences
refugecliven        1 occurrences
occupiersi          1 occurrences
iti                 2 occurrences
demander            1 occurrences
oughta              3 occurrences
therebundy          2 occurrences
enforcementi        1 occurrences
fiorethe            1 occurrences
evangelistic        1 occurrences
grahambut           1 occurrences
grahamhe            1 occurrences
siegehowever        1 occurrences
helicopters         7 occurrences
refugepaul          1 occurrences
hawks               3 occurrences
occupiershe         1 occurrences
confinementassemblywoman1 occurrences
mediator            1 occurrences
relaying            1 occurrences
sitedavid           1 occurrences
occupier            2 occurrences
protestersfry       1 occurrences
occupationaccording 1 occurrences
leavefry            1 occurrences
stayfry             1 occurrences
taillights          1 occurrences
handcuffs           3 occurrences
onlinevia           1 occurrences
guardianthe         1 occurrences
explainer           1 occurrences
standoffone         1 occurrences
oregonwhat          1 occurrences
organising          1 occurrences
santilli            1 occurrences
refugeis            1 occurrences
perimeter           1 occurrences
cowboy              1 occurrences
hammond             9 occurrences
steven              9 occurrences
invasive            4 occurrences
hammonds            27 occurrences
deepseated          1 occurrences
industrya           1 occurrences
resolvedthe         1 occurrences
republicanled       5 occurrences
holdthe             1 occurrences
requestthe          1 occurrences
stave               1 occurrences
extensionmany       1 occurrences
overturnedimplementation1 occurrences
emissionsreduction  1 occurrences
monthread           2 occurrences
nonstategov         4 occurrences
seekingall          1 occurrences
addressthe          1 occurrences
clintonemailcom     5 occurrences
blair               2 occurrences
aclb                1 occurrences
hampton             4 occurrences
hamptons            2 occurrences
accountsthe         1 occurrences
identifiers         1 occurrences
lona                1 occurrences
valmoro             1 occurrences
andrews             1 occurrences
harboring           2 occurrences
overstays           4 occurrences
dayswiss            1 occurrences
nanny               3 occurrences
austriathe          1 occurrences
austrian            3 occurrences
tabloid             4 occurrences
kronen              1 occurrences
zeitung             5 occurrences
abdou               3 occurrences
seeker              6 occurrences
gambia              1 occurrences
mann                4 occurrences
facedown            1 occurrences
mattress            1 occurrences
deaththe            1 occurrences
mondaykronen        1 occurrences
switzerlandthe      3 occurrences
minorskronen        1 occurrences
blankets            2 occurrences
asylumseekers       5 occurrences
africavia           1 occurrences
invites             2 occurrences
weaker              7 occurrences
apathetic           1 occurrences
mainlandwhatever    1 occurrences
launches            2 occurrences
satellites          5 occurrences
circling            3 occurrences
norad               3 occurrences
aerospace           4 occurrences
orbitboth           1 occurrences
kwangmyongsong      2 occurrences
orbits              1 occurrences
bowl                9 occurrences
watcher             1 occurrences
martyn              1 occurrences
timenorth           1 occurrences
fourththe           1 occurrences
orbit               2 occurrences
mouthpiece          2 occurrences
listkwangmyongsong  1 occurrences
catalog             1 occurrences
observation         3 occurrences
kilograms           1 occurrences
apiecetheir         1 occurrences
forest              2 occurrences
distributions       1 occurrences
cropsnorth          1 occurrences
hydrometeorological 1 occurrences
ryu                 1 occurrences
pong                1 occurrences
chol                1 occurrences
forecastersthat     1 occurrences
seenno              1 occurrences
transmitted         1 occurrences
sung                1 occurrences
observers           4 occurrences
stable              5 occurrences
transmit            3 occurrences
homesignals         1 occurrences
amateurs            2 occurrences
transmittingvia     1 occurrences
corinthians         1 occurrences
reluctantly         2 occurrences
compulsion          1 occurrences
cheerful            1 occurrences
programa            4 occurrences
benefactors         1 occurrences
usi                 1 occurrences
silencebill         1 occurrences
genuinely           1 occurrences
dumping             2 occurrences
citizenswatch       1 occurrences
muslimin            1 occurrences
refugeesmuch        1 occurrences
missionary          2 occurrences
americafive         1 occurrences
councilafter        1 occurrences
comfort             6 occurrences
refugeesrefugee     1 occurrences
responsibilities    4 occurrences
refugeesin          2 occurrences
compassionas        1 occurrences
departmentb         1 occurrences
dhhs                2 occurrences
carsc               1 occurrences
collects            4 occurrences
governmente         1 occurrences
grantsthe           1 occurrences
lessened            1 occurrences
offerings           1 occurrences
programdespite      2 occurrences
existof             1 occurrences
muslimpresident     1 occurrences
openborder          1 occurrences
oneinfour           1 occurrences
borderswatch        1 occurrences
brawl               2 occurrences
quranthe            1 occurrences
afd                 1 occurrences
frauke              1 occurrences
petry               1 occurrences
respondents         3 occurrences
ukwe                1 occurrences
migrantclick        1 occurrences
playbuzz            1 occurrences
tattoo              3 occurrences
rapefugee           1 occurrences
brutally            3 occurrences
comparing           2 occurrences
utilizing           1 occurrences
rapistan            1 occurrences
anal                1 occurrences
offence             1 occurrences
swastika            2 occurrences
tattoothree         1 occurrences
onlinea             1 occurrences
salzburg            2 occurrences
unconditionalhe     1 occurrences
accomplice          3 occurrences
eyeliner            1 occurrences
handsized           1 occurrences
onlinein            1 occurrences
tattooing           1 occurrences
polakentango        1 occurrences
landser             1 occurrences
girlfriendhe        1 occurrences
nazishe             1 occurrences
regretted           1 occurrences
changedpleading     1 occurrences
salutes             1 occurrences
bettina             1 occurrences
maxoneskurkowski    1 occurrences
localon             1 occurrences
neustadt            1 occurrences
attackthe           2 occurrences
penioner            1 occurrences
schwechat           1 occurrences
meadow              1 occurrences
traiskirchen        1 occurrences
acquaintance        1 occurrences
embankment          1 occurrences
pensioner           1 occurrences
anally              2 occurrences
rapeher             1 occurrences
helper              1 occurrences
christine           3 occurrences
tormentor           1 occurrences
torment             1 occurrences
truer               1 occurrences
princess            2 occurrences
coincidentally      4 occurrences
ruperts             1 occurrences
harper              8 occurrences
booksmurdoch        1 occurrences
gangofeight         2 occurrences
fiasco              1 occurrences
murdoch             2 occurrences
luntz               4 occurrences
ailes               2 occurrences
lieutenants         1 occurrences
linkfrank           1 occurrences
subcontracts        1 occurrences
programmingthe      1 occurrences
sammon              5 occurrences
stirewalt           1 occurrences
brett               1 occurrences
organizationin      1 occurrences
showbill            1 occurrences
brooke              2 occurrences
entityduring        1 occurrences
junkies             1 occurrences
allread             1 occurrences
bfv                 2 occurrences
tipoffs             2 occurrences
antiterror          2 occurrences
hansgeorg           1 occurrences
maassen             2 occurrences
isisisil            1 occurrences
berliner            1 occurrences
sourceshowever      1 occurrences
baseless            1 occurrences
newspapergerman     1 occurrences
peopleearlier       1 occurrences
attractions         1 occurrences
alexanderplatz      2 occurrences
warera              1 occurrences
reportson           1 occurrences
flats               1 occurrences
redlich             2 occurrences
rtgerman            1 occurrences
pictwittercomblxxggxhkk1 occurrences
rtcom               1 occurrences
threebedroom        1 occurrences
kreuzberg           1 occurrences
shops               7 occurrences
landmarks           2 occurrences
howeverthe          1 occurrences
tipoff              2 occurrences
detailssimilar      1 occurrences
rhine               2 occurrences
westphalia          1 occurrences
attendorn           1 occurrences
grouphe             1 occurrences
autumn              2 occurrences
balkan              1 occurrences
bavaria             1 occurrences
refugeeboth         1 occurrences
infiltratorsanother 1 occurrences
hannover            1 occurrences
molenbeek           2 occurrences
abdelhamid          2 occurrences
abaaoud             2 occurrences
residentgermany     1 occurrences
fiftyfour           1 occurrences
spiegel             2 occurrences
notepads            1 occurrences
handy               2 occurrences
reelect             1 occurrences
mcdonough           11 occurrences
audacious           2 occurrences
officeduring        1 occurrences
actcoupled          1 occurrences
feeble              1 occurrences
utility             4 occurrences
willpower           2 occurrences
undertake           2 occurrences
artful              1 occurrences
dodge               3 occurrences
lulac               2 occurrences
marylandbased       1 occurrences
incidences          1 occurrences
odme                1 occurrences
affinity            3 occurrences
doling              2 occurrences
unqualified         1 occurrences
nonfederal          2 occurrences
nfe                 2 occurrences
cosponsored         3 occurrences
nfes                1 occurrences
auditors            1 occurrences
ncms                1 occurrences
evidently           5 occurrences
deloitte            1 occurrences
allocationshere     1 occurrences
thurgood            1 occurrences
henaac              1 occurrences
logistical          2 occurrences
manpower            1 occurrences
compliments         4 occurrences
samit               1 occurrences
transgressions      3 occurrences
influencepresident  1 occurrences
competencies        1 occurrences
chicagobased        2 occurrences
doe                 20 occurrences
missoula            1 occurrences
brewing             4 occurrences
americasmall        1 occurrences
sparsely            1 occurrences
populated           3 occurrences
terraforming        1 occurrences
hearken             1 occurrences
diktats             1 occurrences
seeded              1 occurrences
whatand             1 occurrences
demographics        6 occurrences
predominant         4 occurrences
countryof           1 occurrences
muslimscns          2 occurrences
greek               9 occurrences
refugeebringing     1 occurrences
cloward             1 occurrences
piven               1 occurrences
overwhelm           1 occurrences
infused             1 occurrences
plains              1 occurrences
lodging             5 occurrences
rises               4 occurrences
hasten              2 occurrences
canwe               1 occurrences
damned              2 occurrences
rapefugees          1 occurrences
depravity           1 occurrences
hellish             1 occurrences
beasts              1 occurrences
dofor               1 occurrences
loudon              2 occurrences
loudspeaker         1 occurrences
photoid             1 occurrences
checkpoints         4 occurrences
countyhis           1 occurrences
challis             1 occurrences
finch               4 occurrences
martyr              2 occurrences
wfbthe              1 occurrences
pickle              1 occurrences
evicting            1 occurrences
housingthe          1 occurrences
governmentassisted  1 occurrences
tenant              3 occurrences
assetsnow           1 occurrences
overincome          12 occurrences
grappling           1 occurrences
evict               1 occurrences
selfsufficiency     2 occurrences
tenancy             1 occurrences
impede              2 occurrences
continuedthe        1 occurrences
daysthe             1 occurrences
vern                1 occurrences
tighten             8 occurrences
boot                1 occurrences
criticsdespite      1 occurrences
cologne             13 occurrences
groundsome          1 occurrences
iraqmrs             1 occurrences
yugoslavia          1 occurrences
returnedshe         1 occurrences
cdu                 2 occurrences
passportfree        1 occurrences
schengen            1 occurrences
closedpeter         1 occurrences
altmaier            1 occurrences
noneu               1 occurrences
countriesyeah       1 occurrences
gladly              2 occurrences
gee                 2 occurrences
comfortably         1 occurrences
openbordersvia      1 occurrences
investigationthese  1 occurrences
visibility          1 occurrences
briefedhere         1 occurrences
encounters          3 occurrences
rattle              1 occurrences
sabers              1 occurrences
townafter           1 occurrences
unclearnow          1 occurrences
reared              1 occurrences
herewe              1 occurrences
openness            1 occurrences
rattling            2 occurrences
saber               2 occurrences
drones              3 occurrences
droning             1 occurrences
photographer        1 occurrences
kinetic             2 occurrences
behaviour           2 occurrences
saberrattling       1 occurrences
schedulemonday      1 occurrences
cnntuesday          1 occurrences
dolezal             1 occurrences
medals              2 occurrences
berghdal            1 occurrences
looters             3 occurrences
invitationonly      1 occurrences
autograph           1 occurrences
souvenir            1 occurrences
sniper              4 occurrences
shoppers            3 occurrences
semantics           3 occurrences
rebranding          1 occurrences
overexuberance      1 occurrences
tutorial            1 occurrences
clintonthursday     1 occurrences
condemnation        5 occurrences
rebuttal            1 occurrences
withdrawal          4 occurrences
maher               4 occurrences
subjectively        1 occurrences
regulationthe       1 occurrences
equalize            2 occurrences
wagesthe            1 occurrences
burqawomen          1 occurrences
burqas              2 occurrences
veils               1 occurrences
referendumfemales   1 occurrences
burqa               1 occurrences
italianspeaking     1 occurrences
canton              1 occurrences
ticinothe           1 occurrences
moveaccording       1 occurrences
ticino              1 occurrences
niqabs              1 occurrences
misunderstood       2 occurrences
lineoregon          1 occurrences
fbivideo            1 occurrences
platformvideo       2 occurrences
managementvideo     2 occurrences
solutionsvideo      2 occurrences
playerthe           2 occurrences
lifefinicum         1 occurrences
thara               1 occurrences
lynn                2 occurrences
tenneyher           1 occurrences
crashed             6 occurrences
sharpchallice       1 occurrences
familyfinch         1 occurrences
sayingthe           1 occurrences
afternoonlavoy      1 occurrences
prisonfinicum       1 occurrences
refugenow           1 occurrences
saidnevada          1 occurrences
obeyed              1 occurrences
bundyfinch          1 occurrences
texted              1 occurrences
palmer              13 occurrences
coldblooded         1 occurrences
suspicions          2 occurrences
haunted             1 occurrences
mccarthyismand      1 occurrences
burgeoning          2 occurrences
redbaited           1 occurrences
behaving            3 occurrences
disingenuous        4 occurrences
islamophobe         3 occurrences
critically          1 occurrences
predicts            2 occurrences
wikipedia           1 occurrences
organizational      2 occurrences
revolutions         2 occurrences
elites              14 occurrences
groundi             1 occurrences
westminster         1 occurrences
ash                 9 occurrences
todaywe             2 occurrences
springeverywhere    1 occurrences
supranational       1 occurrences
parliaments         1 occurrences
misrepresent        2 occurrences
themfor             1 occurrences
westerners          1 occurrences
virtue              5 occurrences
mindless            1 occurrences
apparatus           1 occurrences
squandered          1 occurrences
foolishly           1 occurrences
hordes              3 occurrences
moneyfrau           1 occurrences
rutte               1 occurrences
adherents           1 occurrences
northafricans       1 occurrences
assaultsunlike      1 occurrences
academia            1 occurrences
existential         2 occurrences
folly               1 occurrences
tsunami             4 occurrences
islamizedand        1 occurrences
itgeert             1 occurrences
pvv                 1 occurrences
regneryvia          1 occurrences
flirting            1 occurrences
erasing             1 occurrences
yearsanalysts       1 occurrences
recoverythe         1 occurrences
grim                1 occurrences
firmer              1 occurrences
electionsthe        1 occurrences
brighter            2 occurrences
disproportionately  20 occurrences
deficitsthe         1 occurrences
republicanrun       1 occurrences
consecutive         5 occurrences
peaked              2 occurrences
saiddeficits        1 occurrences
accumulation        2 occurrences
deepen              1 occurrences
squarely            2 occurrences
leadinfested        1 occurrences
hazard              3 occurrences
undrinkable         1 occurrences
substances          2 occurrences
problemhowever      1 occurrences
foreclose           1 occurrences
neglectful          1 occurrences
endangermentactivists1 occurrences
billsflint          1 occurrences
null                2 occurrences
void                2 occurrences
poisonous           2 occurrences
trachelle           1 occurrences
addedrecent         1 occurrences
billalthough        1 occurrences
issuesthis          1 occurrences
decentralized       1 occurrences
towardsvia          1 occurrences
clothesline         1 occurrences
pasted              1 occurrences
putzpresident       1 occurrences
critique            2 occurrences
interviewvoters     1 occurrences
seenthere           1 occurrences
skipping            2 occurrences
monthsbumbling      1 occurrences
cancun              4 occurrences
novembera           1 occurrences
phish               2 occurrences
concerts            5 occurrences
glide               2 occurrences
baggage             2 occurrences
maze                2 occurrences
chapo               3 occurrences
henchmen            1 occurrences
goa                 1 occurrences
curbside            1 occurrences
exited              1 occurrences
airportneither      1 occurrences
screens             2 occurrences
commentit           1 occurrences
checkpointshours    1 occurrences
inconvenience       2 occurrences
unfolded            1 occurrences
dwellings           2 occurrences
underserved         2 occurrences
lenders             19 occurrences
borrowers           6 occurrences
nonborrowers        2 occurrences
lowcredit           1 occurrences
targetingsee        1 occurrences
admin               1 occurrences
takersremember      1 occurrences
sequel              1 occurrences
taxpayerthe         2 occurrences
loaned              1 occurrences
loanthe             1 occurrences
homeready           2 occurrences
investorscom        1 occurrences
itselfthe           2 occurrences
subprime            4 occurrences
palatable           1 occurrences
defaultready        1 occurrences
borrower            6 occurrences
deed                5 occurrences
parentsif           1 occurrences
defaults            2 occurrences
bandits             1 occurrences
goround             1 occurrences
cnnmoney            1 occurrences
reminders           2 occurrences
investorsgo         1 occurrences
cynicism            2 occurrences
themselvesaccording 1 occurrences
kareem              7 occurrences
serageldin          1 occurrences
concealing          2 occurrences
suisse              1 occurrences
mortgagebacked      1 occurrences
portfolio           3 occurrences
himunder            1 occurrences
downinvestor        1 occurrences
sovia               2 occurrences
successive          2 occurrences
holdover            1 occurrences
petrodollars        1 occurrences
ownbut              1 occurrences
fore                2 occurrences
eastin              2 occurrences
foreignexchange     1 occurrences
plug                1 occurrences
quartercentury      1 occurrences
aramco              1 occurrences
outsize             3 occurrences
marketa             1 occurrences
vatican             13 occurrences
holdsread           1 occurrences
reconquista         1 occurrences
reconquest          1 occurrences
portugal            2 occurrences
recapture           2 occurrences
moors               1 occurrences
iberian             1 occurrences
centurythey         1 occurrences
germanythis         1 occurrences
everyonetranslated  1 occurrences
youtubea            1 occurrences
zukunfteuropaa      1 occurrences
chancethis          1 occurrences
incentive           8 occurrences
covenant            1 occurrences
resists             1 occurrences
indoctrinationwe    1 occurrences
progresses          1 occurrences
waywe               1 occurrences
selfknowledge       1 occurrences
phalanx             1 occurrences
selfdestructive     1 occurrences
europewe            1 occurrences
ethno               1 occurrences
identitybut         1 occurrences
idealism            1 occurrences
dedication          6 occurrences
livable             1 occurrences
collegeage          1 occurrences
feelthebern         1 occurrences
selfabsorbed        1 occurrences
childwe             1 occurrences
fathom              1 occurrences
democratsocialist   1 occurrences
illustrates         4 occurrences
seriouslywe         1 occurrences
donemake            1 occurrences
leduff              1 occurrences
londonistan         1 occurrences
extremistshttpsyoutubedhoyorthmdsvia1 occurrences
morten              1 occurrences
ineptness           2 occurrences
haphazardly         1 occurrences
fbifbi              1 occurrences
fiberoptics         1 occurrences
arena               2 occurrences
fiberoptic          1 occurrences
selfradicalized     1 occurrences
disperse            1 occurrences
hazardous           7 occurrences
contention          3 occurrences
savages             1 occurrences
groupan             1 occurrences
secreted            1 occurrences
fiber               3 occurrences
addedseveral        1 occurrences
solvedvia           1 occurrences
wndvia              1 occurrences
koreanorth          1 occurrences
fridayand           1 occurrences
gareth              1 occurrences
visitaccording      1 occurrences
manipulated         2 occurrences
advertisingan       1 occurrences
commentjohnson      1 occurrences
chinabased          1 occurrences
koreakcna           1 occurrences
elaboratevia        1 occurrences
dealthe             3 occurrences
brokered            2 occurrences
weaponsafter        1 occurrences
margaret            3 occurrences
exaggerate          1 occurrences
assuage             2 occurrences
mitigate            3 occurrences
pored               1 occurrences
habit               6 occurrences
significancea       1 occurrences
sensitivitycongressional1 occurrences
scoured             1 occurrences
secretsensitive     1 occurrences
compartmented       1 occurrences
agreementslast      1 occurrences
snug                1 occurrences
pedophile           2 occurrences
oneparty            5 occurrences
pedophiles          4 occurrences
baffled             1 occurrences
popularity          4 occurrences
mcallen             1 occurrences
regionon            1 occurrences
rgv                 1 occurrences
guatemalan          1 occurrences
leonel              1 occurrences
vasquez             3 occurrences
zacarias            2 occurrences
revealedcourt       1 occurrences
augusta             1 occurrences
houstonvasquez      1 occurrences
engines             1 occurrences
predatorin          1 occurrences
vigilant            8 occurrences
padilla             4 occurrences
ginsberg            2 occurrences
woke                5 occurrences
opinionwashington   1 occurrences
plaintiffsin        1 occurrences
campbellewald       4 occurrences
gomez               4 occurrences
offerrelying        1 occurrences
unaccepted          1 occurrences
adversity           2 occurrences
controversies       2 occurrences
evaporated          1 occurrences
jos                 1 occurrences
mez                 6 occurrences
awayg               1 occurrences
consented           1 occurrences
unsolicited         1 occurrences
firmit              1 occurrences
actionginsburg      1 occurrences
courtsa             1 occurrences
accorded            2 occurrences
saidpractically     1 occurrences
courtvia            1 occurrences
wwii                7 occurrences
mojave              2 occurrences
mary                6 occurrences
brags               1 occurrences
appraised           2 occurrences
paltry              1 occurrences
bamboozle           1 occurrences
acquisition         6 occurrences
correlate           1 occurrences
lassen              2 occurrences
volcanic            1 occurrences
acreage             2 occurrences
sweating            2 occurrences
jests               1 occurrences
confiscation        1 occurrences
predatory           2 occurrences
democratlead        1 occurrences
snyyder             1 occurrences
sameold             1 occurrences
newsdetroit         1 occurrences
cobo                2 occurrences
buildingsthe        1 occurrences
wielding            1 occurrences
megaphones          1 occurrences
citywide            5 occurrences
sickout             2 occurrences
stemmed             3 occurrences
parentshe           1 occurrences
darnell             2 occurrences
takeovers           1 occurrences
douglass            1 occurrences
hilton              1 occurrences
reinstatedsome      1 occurrences
symbolized          1 occurrences
dft                 1 occurrences
chargesread         1 occurrences
accountably         1 occurrences
ramps               1 occurrences
duplicitous         1 occurrences
guzman              3 occurrences
hideout             2 occurrences
gunsmuggling        1 occurrences
helicopterafter     1 occurrences
mochis              1 occurrences
saidwhen            4 occurrences
saidfederal         1 occurrences
investigatingout    1 occurrences
officialsfederal    1 occurrences
guardsmen           2 occurrences
hilltops            1 occurrences
valleys             1 occurrences
theminstead         2 occurrences
operationthe        2 occurrences
phoenixarea         1 occurrences
mexicoafter         1 occurrences
berman              1 occurrences
illegitimately      1 occurrences
universe            5 occurrences
awaited             1 occurrences
happenformer        1 occurrences
matterthis          1 occurrences
scenevia            1 occurrences
cdata               13 occurrences
functiond           13 occurrences
facebookjssdk       12 occurrences
populationposted    1 occurrences
highways            3 occurrences
hedges              1 occurrences
selfcentered        1 occurrences
lawmakersfox        1 occurrences
sapthat             1 occurrences
declarations        7 occurrences
secretsap           1 occurrences
declarant           1 occurrences
vulnerability       1 occurrences
ordinarily          1 occurrences
commensurate        2 occurrences
statesaccording     1 occurrences
biographer          1 occurrences
paula               3 occurrences
broadwell           1 occurrences
retroactively       2 occurrences
upgraded            2 occurrences
meaningless         2 occurrences
usc                 2 occurrences
workerthe           1 occurrences
effectthe           3 occurrences
likened             2 occurrences
affront             1 occurrences
selfgovernment      1 occurrences
vests               3 occurrences
ordained            1 occurrences
centerstage         2 occurrences
spar                1 occurrences
residentsbut        1 occurrences
twodozen            1 occurrences
sincecritics        1 occurrences
novembersolicitor   1 occurrences
oneno               1 occurrences
overboard           1 occurrences
messiah             1 occurrences
angelina            1 occurrences
jolie               6 occurrences
threatjolie         1 occurrences
anemic              2 occurrences
enslaving           2 occurrences
barbaric            5 occurrences
centrepoint         1 occurrences
dehumanising        1 occurrences
continuedshe        1 occurrences
baiting             2 occurrences
islamjolie          1 occurrences
punditbelow         1 occurrences
victimshttpsyoutubekbmhnzjgwskit1 occurrences
seldom              1 occurrences
irreverent          1 occurrences
appalachia          3 occurrences
ozarks              2 occurrences
delta               7 occurrences
dakotas             1 occurrences
beltif              1 occurrences
denigrating         1 occurrences
inequalityyet       1 occurrences
nonmetropolitan     2 occurrences
ruraldwelling       1 occurrences
urbandwellers       1 occurrences
ruralurban          1 occurrences
nonmetro            7 occurrences
areaswatch          1 occurrences
deerturkey          1 occurrences
bearsfishing        1 occurrences
catfish             1 occurrences
wheelers            1 occurrences
boone               2 occurrences
coaland             1 occurrences
hollow              1 occurrences
homedestroying      1 occurrences
haunts              1 occurrences
holsteinand         1 occurrences
landscape           2 occurrences
howeverin           1 occurrences
vanish              1 occurrences
stateonce           1 occurrences
virginiacoal        1 occurrences
progressively       1 occurrences
tightening          1 occurrences
controlsgreater     1 occurrences
basinsfrom          1 occurrences
annuallyfalling     1 occurrences
percentfrom         1 occurrences
tonscame            1 occurrences
countywhich         1 occurrences
producerso          1 occurrences
unexamined          1 occurrences
avoided             4 occurrences
explanationsrural   1 occurrences
causal              1 occurrences
dominate            3 occurrences
geographic          2 occurrences
areassimilarly      1 occurrences
spatial             1 occurrences
repertoire          1 occurrences
lobao               2 occurrences
childcare           2 occurrences
contributes         1 occurrences
poorlisa            1 occurrences
intersection        1 occurrences
livelihoods         1 occurrences
ruralism            1 occurrences
newton              1 occurrences
misconception       1 occurrences
monochromatic       1 occurrences
whitesthis          1 occurrences
choicesince         1 occurrences
polarization        1 occurrences
selfperpetuating    1 occurrences
worsen              1 occurrences
disconnect          1 occurrences
feedback            3 occurrences
loop                2 occurrences
socioeconomically   1 occurrences
kneejerk            4 occurrences
uncouth             1 occurrences
cornered            2 occurrences
dimensions          2 occurrences
indicator           1 occurrences
illiberal           1 occurrences
intolerant          2 occurrences
distances           1 occurrences
alienated           2 occurrences
sociologists        1 occurrences
platitudes          1 occurrences
mindblowing         1 occurrences
kudos               1 occurrences
linda               4 occurrences
tripp               14 occurrences
pivotal             2 occurrences
lewinsky            15 occurrences
divulged            1 occurrences
publiclyshe         1 occurrences
disseminate         3 occurrences
dallied             1 occurrences
cringes             1 occurrences
viability           3 occurrences
relationshiptripp   1 occurrences
unwillingness       1 occurrences
storytripp          1 occurrences
officetripp         1 occurrences
carryover           1 occurrences
filegate            1 occurrences
travelgate          2 occurrences
whitewater          2 occurrences
predated            1 occurrences
intern              2 occurrences
ownshe              1 occurrences
kleini              1 occurrences
melodramatic        1 occurrences
endsi               1 occurrences
situationtripp      1 occurrences
facedshe            1 occurrences
blinded             1 occurrences
fancied             2 occurrences
servicing           2 occurrences
romanticized        1 occurrences
pan                 2 occurrences
finished            7 occurrences
erratic             1 occurrences
presidentthere      1 occurrences
didtripp            1 occurrences
regrettably         1 occurrences
farthest            1 occurrences
looseygoosy         1 occurrences
tense               2 occurrences
campsthe            1 occurrences
dynamic             4 occurrences
instilled           1 occurrences
campand             1 occurrences
scurrying           1 occurrences
horrifyingtripp     1 occurrences
conquests           1 occurrences
accusers            1 occurrences
exhibiting          1 occurrences
assurance           3 occurrences
viabilitytripp      1 occurrences
enormously          3 occurrences
electable           1 occurrences
possess             6 occurrences
ringside            1 occurrences
wrongdoings         1 occurrences
foreshadowed        1 occurrences
servertripp         1 occurrences
servedpresident     1 occurrences
saidshe             1 occurrences
continuedall        1 occurrences
classifications     1 occurrences
safes               1 occurrences
pastwhen            1 occurrences
disdained           1 occurrences
disturbingtripp     1 occurrences
nutshell            2 occurrences
stroke              5 occurrences
keyboard            1 occurrences
posterity           3 occurrences
whiskey             3 occurrences
foxtrotthe          1 occurrences
annulment           1 occurrences
sepah               1 occurrences
reclaiming          1 occurrences
basij               1 occurrences
brig                5 occurrences
naqdi               1 occurrences
fars                2 occurrences
agencyfour          1 occurrences
rezaian             2 occurrences
amir                6 occurrences
hekmati             8 occurrences
nosratollah         1 occurrences
khosrawi            1 occurrences
roudsari            1 occurrences
thwarting           2 occurrences
delisting           1 occurrences
extraditiona        1 occurrences
trevithick          1 occurrences
simultaneous        3 occurrences
usiran              2 occurrences
wednesdaystate      1 occurrences
bribe               3 occurrences
consular            2 occurrences
releasedwas         1 occurrences
obamakerry          1 occurrences
duo                 1 occurrences
iranus              1 occurrences
tribunalthe         1 occurrences
liars               4 occurrences
mysteries           1 occurrences
dwarfed             2 occurrences
baldfaced           1 occurrences
baldface            1 occurrences
pasty               1 occurrences
wrinkled            1 occurrences
bewhiskered         1 occurrences
elicited            1 occurrences
videonow            1 occurrences
wrinkle             2 occurrences
lyingfirst          1 occurrences
shamelessly         2 occurrences
afb                 1 occurrences
homeclinton         1 occurrences
sentimentsthis      1 occurrences
withthen            1 occurrences
themselvestranscript1 occurrences
townhalltyrone      1 occurrences
casket              1 occurrences
doherty             4 occurrences
retainer            1 occurrences
stephanopoulos      11 occurrences
revisited           1 occurrences
misbegotten         1 occurrences
responsehttpsyoutubejaudsalgjistephanopoulos1 occurrences
responseclinton     1 occurrences
retracted           1 occurrences
thatso              1 occurrences
caskets             1 occurrences
happenedthis        1 occurrences
pathological        2 occurrences
detector            1 occurrences
clone               1 occurrences
sailors             15 occurrences
insteadfirst        1 occurrences
mechanical          3 occurrences
sailorsnow          1 occurrences
ashton              1 occurrences
louie               4 occurrences
theblaze            1 occurrences
loesch              1 occurrences
tribuneeither       1 occurrences
bonafide            1 occurrences
daysit              1 occurrences
populate            1 occurrences
truthlatest         1 occurrences
marketsthe          1 occurrences
gadget              2 occurrences
aapl                3 occurrences
kmi                 2 occurrences
oracle              3 occurrences
orcl                1 occurrences
crushing            3 occurrences
topsp               1 occurrences
stocks              2 occurrences
shareholder         2 occurrences
topcompany          1 occurrences
billionsapple       2 occurrences
hathaway            1 occurrences
brka                1 occurrences
wmt                 1 occurrences
qcom                1 occurrences
shredded            4 occurrences
amazoncom           4 occurrences
amzn                3 occurrences
alphabet            2 occurrences
googlwhen           1 occurrences
worthred            1 occurrences
yeargoogle          1 occurrences
shredder            3 occurrences
billionwhen         1 occurrences
selloff             1 occurrences
expensivenothing    1 occurrences
rsc                 5 occurrences
sotusp              1 occurrences
yearcompany         1 occurrences
ytd                 2 occurrences
googl               1 occurrences
msft                1 occurrences
jpm                 1 occurrences
wfc                 1 occurrences
bac                 1 occurrences
intc                1 occurrences
csco                1 occurrences
digress             1 occurrences
sailor              9 occurrences
headscarfthis       1 occurrences
curiosity           2 occurrences
headscarf           4 occurrences
quintessential      1 occurrences
iranianbacked       2 occurrences
terroristsfemale    1 occurrences
picturethe          1 occurrences
disarmed            1 occurrences
servicemembers      1 occurrences
weaknessthen        1 occurrences
cooperative         2 occurrences
innocence           2 occurrences
faults              6 occurrences
hamidreza           1 occurrences
taraghi             2 occurrences
strayed             1 occurrences
javad               2 occurrences
zarif               4 occurrences
saidjohn            1 occurrences
saidnations         1 occurrences
easing              2 occurrences
flexing             2 occurrences
muscles             3 occurrences
minus               2 occurrences
thumbed             1 occurrences
rockets             3 occurrences
photographing       1 occurrences
stray               1 occurrences
watersread          1 occurrences
endthe              1 occurrences
sabah               1 occurrences
reporteda           1 occurrences
majorityparliament  1 occurrences
lars                1 occurrences
lokke               1 occurrences
venstre             1 occurrences
dpp                 1 occurrences
parliamentthe       1 occurrences
exceeding           2 occurrences
kroner              1 occurrences
kronervia           1 occurrences
debuted             2 occurrences
rave                1 occurrences
truthhere           1 occurrences
trailereven         1 occurrences
gushes              1 occurrences
screamfour          1 occurrences
cargill             6 occurrences
moneymeet           1 occurrences
maclennan           1 occurrences
davos               1 occurrences
workerstoday        1 occurrences
amarillo            4 occurrences
overloading         2 occurrences
unus                1 occurrences
citylast            1 occurrences
coone               1 occurrences
showcase            1 occurrences
productslist        3 occurrences
productshere        1 occurrences
americaand          1 occurrences
themrefugee         1 occurrences
humanitarianism     1 occurrences
globalists          1 occurrences
ceding              2 occurrences
violators           2 occurrences
whores              1 occurrences
illegallydesigned   1 occurrences
dangeras            1 occurrences
headscarfs          1 occurrences
wreaks              1 occurrences
spokes              1 occurrences
tasnim              3 occurrences
infringing          2 occurrences
sovereigntypictures 1 occurrences
abas                7 occurrences
aslani              7 occurrences
abasaslani          7 occurrences
troubles            7 occurrences
coursefirst         1 occurrences
irans               2 occurrences
irgcmarines         1 occurrences
iranmarinesnavypentagon1 occurrences
respondediran       1 occurrences
apologynavypentagon 1 occurrences
respondedvideo      1 occurrences
pictwittercomvgvlrkzdvh1 occurrences
seriousvia          1 occurrences
threeyearold        1 occurrences
stavangerpolice     1 occurrences
dahl                2 occurrences
stavanger           2 occurrences
aftenblad           1 occurrences
technicians         2 occurrences
sanitation          3 occurrences
addedthere          1 occurrences
iraqwhen            1 occurrences
hunch               1 occurrences
immeasurably        1 occurrences
tpm                 2 occurrences
troublemakers       1 occurrences
firouzabadi         1 occurrences
newsali             1 occurrences
fadavi              3 occurrences
annihilation        3 occurrences
preparedness        2 occurrences
coasttosea          1 occurrences
rocketfiring        1 occurrences
broadcasted         1 occurrences
internationally     2 occurrences
battleships         1 occurrences
psychological       4 occurrences
nautical            1 occurrences
distress            2 occurrences
saidstate           1 occurrences
facebookjssdkobama  1 occurrences
thisposted          1 occurrences
dave                7 occurrences
sayen               1 occurrences
rubs                1 occurrences
index               7 occurrences
pauses              2 occurrences
menthol             2 occurrences
lifts               4 occurrences
flowingthis         1 occurrences
persuade            8 occurrences
flings              1 occurrences
eviscerates         1 occurrences
shrug               1 occurrences
avoids              2 occurrences
networkdelray       1 occurrences
alcee               1 occurrences
hastings            4 occurrences
nezar               1 occurrences
hamze               2 occurrences
zoe                 1 occurrences
lofgren             3 occurrences
sameena             1 occurrences
usman               2 occurrences
learnedcair         1 occurrences
entrapping          1 occurrences
gin                 2 occurrences
cairflorida         2 occurrences
hamassupport        1 occurrences
isiscalls           1 occurrences
mondaylast          1 occurrences
ipt                 1 occurrences
bylaws              1 occurrences
nihad               1 occurrences
awad                1 occurrences
stubbornly          1 occurrences
shibly              1 occurrences
interpretations     1 occurrences
taharrush           5 occurrences
showcased           1 occurrences
bielefeld           2 occurrences
frankfurt           2 occurrences
sseldorf            2 occurrences
stuttgart           2 occurrences
evewelcome          1 occurrences
speisa              1 occurrences
bka                 2 occurrences
molestation         1 occurrences
holger              1 occurrences
nchthe              1 occurrences
westernstyle        2 occurrences
abusethey           1 occurrences
surround            3 occurrences
spectators          1 occurrences
divert              1 occurrences
onif                1 occurrences
grope               1 occurrences
inserting           2 occurrences
orificesin          1 occurrences
gangrape            1 occurrences
kennesaw            7 occurrences
bodied              2 occurrences
ordinancea          1 occurrences
inhabitants         3 occurrences
thereforebexempt    1 occurrences
paupers             1 occurrences
conscientiously     1 occurrences
felonyan            1 occurrences
conscientious       4 occurrences
objectors           1 occurrences
gunin               1 occurrences
sewer               1 occurrences
soared              4 occurrences
pawnshop            1 occurrences
sourceconcealed     1 occurrences
assisted            5 occurrences
caliphate           9 occurrences
astonishment        1 occurrences
crimeone            1 occurrences
vaunted             1 occurrences
zonesvia            1 occurrences
graveyard           1 occurrences
overburdensome      1 occurrences
scenery             1 occurrences
rides               2 occurrences
clubs               3 occurrences
inbound             8 occurrences
drovesamericans     1 occurrences
linesoregon         1 occurrences
climb               2 occurrences
movesmoving         1 occurrences
wereoregon          1 occurrences
outbound            4 occurrences
werenew             1 occurrences
marylandsimply      1 occurrences
heavilyregulated    1 occurrences
costofliving        1 occurrences
statesthis          2 occurrences
fasttracked         3 occurrences
herethe             4 occurrences
yearchurch          1 occurrences
alienshere          1 occurrences
agentsthere         1 occurrences
wimps               1 occurrences
congressthey        1 occurrences
resurrect           1 occurrences
movementit          1 occurrences
trumpreligious      1 occurrences
statesat            1 occurrences
statescentral       1 occurrences
longunderstood      1 occurrences
countryescaping     1 occurrences
runofthemill        1 occurrences
readersthe          1 occurrences
refugeesvia         2 occurrences
groupmember         1 occurrences
communionsafrican   1 occurrences
zion                1 occurrences
baptists            1 occurrences
armenian            1 occurrences
diocese             1 occurrences
disciples           2 occurrences
brethren            1 occurrences
coptic              2 occurrences
ecumenical          1 occurrences
communion           1 occurrences
evangelical         1 occurrences
archdiocese         1 occurrences
reformed            3 occurrences
presbyterian        2 occurrences
malankara           1 occurrences
mar                 2 occurrences
thoma               1 occurrences
moravian            1 occurrences
patriarchal         1 occurrences
serbian             1 occurrences
swedenborgian       1 occurrences
antioch             1 occurrences
ukrainian           1 occurrences
duration            3 occurrences
plotting            2 occurrences
exhausting          1 occurrences
spews               1 occurrences
environmentwhile    1 occurrences
scorchedearth       1 occurrences
termthe             3 occurrences
politicoobama       2 occurrences
getty               1 occurrences
bumpy               1 occurrences
rideaccording       1 occurrences
cementing           2 occurrences
changeair           1 occurrences
tack                1 occurrences
photoops            1 occurrences
everywhereall       1 occurrences
bprwe               1 occurrences
ramped              3 occurrences
halfblack           1 occurrences
slipping            1 occurrences
fiction             4 occurrences
divest              1 occurrences
yourselfnow         1 occurrences
imperialist         3 occurrences
transformed         8 occurrences
ills                1 occurrences
youfirst            1 occurrences
wallstreeters       1 occurrences
insidious           1 occurrences
losers              2 occurrences
governmentsecond    1 occurrences
plight              5 occurrences
uncompassionate     1 occurrences
statedgovernment    1 occurrences
problemthird        1 occurrences
postal              22 occurrences
runnow              1 occurrences
aggressiveness      1 occurrences
regressive          2 occurrences
societythough       1 occurrences
fdr                 9 occurrences
remunerative        1 occurrences
sickness            1 occurrences
educationat         1 occurrences
gainfully           1 occurrences
smartly             1 occurrences
clothed             1 occurrences
appropriately       5 occurrences
sheltered           1 occurrences
shrewd              1 occurrences
machiavellian       1 occurrences
freedomloving       1 occurrences
delineates          1 occurrences
etcif               1 occurrences
moderately          1 occurrences
separates           2 occurrences
talents             2 occurrences
beingyour           1 occurrences
unconditionalfdr    1 occurrences
myselfyou           1 occurrences
selfevident         1 occurrences
dealyou             1 occurrences
antipathy           1 occurrences
nathaniel           1 occurrences
jacksonhow          1 occurrences
classify            2 occurrences
persuading          1 occurrences
thinkers            2 occurrences
profitablethe       1 occurrences
rail                20 occurrences
gatherings          3 occurrences
tricorner           1 occurrences
mirth               1 occurrences
pity                1 occurrences
mobilizing          3 occurrences
themhowever         1 occurrences
plunder             1 occurrences
welleverything      1 occurrences
accomplishes        1 occurrences
generosity          3 occurrences
wield               1 occurrences
criminalize         1 occurrences
everytime           1 occurrences
axiomatic           1 occurrences
truthwhat           1 occurrences
angers              1 occurrences
incremental         1 occurrences
enslavement         1 occurrences
cliched             1 occurrences
proverbial          2 occurrences
frog                1 occurrences
jacuzzi             1 occurrences
naive               1 occurrences
muchi               1 occurrences
servitude           3 occurrences
providei            1 occurrences
samuel              3 occurrences
tranquillity        1 occurrences
animating           1 occurrences
crouch              1 occurrences
lick                1 occurrences
chains              3 occurrences
countrymen          2 occurrences
collectivist        4 occurrences
commune             1 occurrences
offends             1 occurrences
wallin              1 occurrences
allpowerful         1 occurrences
stomp               2 occurrences
mudhole             1 occurrences
drybring            1 occurrences
itjeremy            1 occurrences
choateht            1 occurrences
militarize          1 occurrences
militarization      1 occurrences
swat                1 occurrences
equipmentsince      1 occurrences
armor               3 occurrences
shields             3 occurrences
openthebookscomthis 1 occurrences
administrationsome  1 occurrences
kevlar              1 occurrences
watergatestyle      1 occurrences
overrules           1 occurrences
compiling           2 occurrences
sacked              1 occurrences
archibald           1 occurrences
elliot              2 occurrences
richardson          1 occurrences
ruckelshaus         1 occurrences
cavalier            2 occurrences
alias               1 occurrences
anonstategov        1 occurrences
encompassed         1 occurrences
madeline            1 occurrences
condoleeza          1 occurrences
poured              4 occurrences
requestsread        1 occurrences
polk                15 occurrences
courtlast           1 occurrences
ngor                2 occurrences
makuey              8 occurrences
firstdegree         1 occurrences
spatula             1 occurrences
kcci                1 occurrences
moine               1 occurrences
crimein             1 occurrences
dispatcher          1 occurrences
herehelp            1 occurrences
attackminutes       1 occurrences
sweatshirt          1 occurrences
dash                2 occurrences
innocentthe         1 occurrences
jinud               1 occurrences
ruath               1 occurrences
respectful          1 occurrences
whotvmakuey         1 occurrences
illnessmakuey       1 occurrences
hospitable          1 occurrences
callous             1 occurrences
masssex             1 occurrences
evethe              1 occurrences
delight             2 occurrences
promigrant          1 occurrences
attackershere       1 occurrences
evespeaking         1 occurrences
henriette           1 occurrences
reker               1 occurrences
nearfatally         1 occurrences
campaigner          2 occurrences
migrantsshe         1 occurrences
remarked            7 occurrences
carnival            3 occurrences
trousers            1 occurrences
refuted             1 occurrences
contradicting       1 occurrences
policean            1 occurrences
deteriorating       3 occurrences
judith              1 occurrences
wolter              1 occurrences
adjoining           1 occurrences
thefts              1 occurrences
nogo                11 occurrences
climax              2 occurrences
nightnews           1 occurrences
daythe              3 occurrences
kolnifsche          1 occurrences
rundschau           1 occurrences
orifice             1 occurrences
nakedonly           1 occurrences
forwards            1 occurrences
afternoondespite    1 occurrences
elbert              2 occurrences
guillory            2 occurrences
weakling            1 occurrences
ustoday             1 occurrences
usposted            1 occurrences
uttered             3 occurrences
factsheet           1 occurrences
previews            1 occurrences
gunpossession       1 occurrences
incapable           6 occurrences
financesat          1 occurrences
subnormal           1 occurrences
illness             2 occurrences
incompetency        1 occurrences
unspecified         4 occurrences
controlaccording    2 occurrences
previewcurrent      1 occurrences
ssa                 28 occurrences
nics                2 occurrences
impairment          2 occurrences
healthagain         1 occurrences
controland          1 occurrences
cave                3 occurrences
ambitions           4 occurrences
emad                3 occurrences
precisionguided     2 occurrences
resolutionthe       1 occurrences
publicize           1 occurrences
irk                 1 occurrences
dismantle           5 occurrences
agreementtasnim     1 occurrences
inaugurated         1 occurrences
larijani            4 occurrences
oneminute           1 occurrences
programiran         1 occurrences
boasting            1 occurrences
antifracking        1 occurrences
antiwrongful        1 occurrences
montel              4 occurrences
somethings          1 occurrences
lobbies             2 occurrences
bowed               2 occurrences
beganwhere          1 occurrences
fooling             1 occurrences
treats              6 occurrences
heats               3 occurrences
tehranfollowing     1 occurrences
cleric              6 occurrences
exacerbating        1 occurrences
sectarian           2 occurrences
crisisspokesmen     1 occurrences
aljubeir            3 occurrences
differentlythe      1 occurrences
responsiblewhat     1 occurrences
nimr                1 occurrences
alnimr              1 occurrences
iranbound           1 occurrences
suitat              1 occurrences
sanctioning         2 occurrences
nonnuclear          1 occurrences
caselast            1 occurrences
balked              2 occurrences
camehill            1 occurrences
timetablea          1 occurrences
agreementread       1 occurrences
penalized           1 occurrences
goneyuck            1 occurrences
reasonchinese       2 occurrences
tonnes              4 occurrences
smuggled            8 occurrences
mediathe            2 occurrences
yuan                2 occurrences
smelly              3 occurrences
hunan               8 occurrences
guangxi             2 occurrences
bordering           2 occurrences
dating              5 occurrences
thawed              4 occurrences
refrozen            2 occurrences
thawing             3 occurrences
yang                2 occurrences
antismuggling       2 occurrences
refrigerated        2 occurrences
necks               3 occurrences
hong                3 occurrences
kong                4 occurrences
sidestep            2 occurrences
slaughteredafter    1 occurrences
wrangling           1 occurrences
wto                 4 occurrences
exporters           2 occurrences
sigh                1 occurrences
forestry            1 occurrences
labelsconsumer      1 occurrences
disappointment      2 occurrences
meatbefore          1 occurrences
industryrepeal      1 occurrences
concernsthe         1 occurrences
meatpacking         2 occurrences
meatpackers         1 occurrences
opponentsthe        1 occurrences
supportroger        1 occurrences
packers             1 occurrences
deceive             1 occurrences
saidstill           1 occurrences
genetically         4 occurrences
ingredients         1 occurrences
ralaska             1 occurrences
salmon              2 occurrences
summerthe           2 occurrences
engineered          2 occurrences
argumentcnn         1 occurrences
rodericktold        1 occurrences
stelter             1 occurrences
amuk                1 occurrences
helpposted          2 occurrences
rightsposted        1 occurrences
countyken           1 occurrences
rhoads              1 occurrences
violenceposted      1 occurrences
wordless            2 occurrences
antiislamist        2 occurrences
hymn                5 occurrences
chartbuster         1 occurrences
adele               3 occurrences
germanya            1 occurrences
pegida              3 occurrences
diva                1 occurrences
chartthe            1 occurrences
daysgerman          1 occurrences
songs               1 occurrences
welt                2 occurrences
wellsince           1 occurrences
leaped              1 occurrences
robin               2 occurrences
schulz              2 occurrences
sido                1 occurrences
respectivelyon      1 occurrences
clocked             1 occurrences
commentaries        1 occurrences
underneath          1 occurrences
banalitya           1 occurrences
peggy               1 occurrences
germainsam          1 occurrences
sind                1 occurrences
wir                 1 occurrences
reasonhere          1 occurrences
lowdown             1 occurrences
militiamen          6 occurrences
insteadthe          1 occurrences
hardcore            4 occurrences
marchers            1 occurrences
paraded             1 occurrences
mondaythe           2 occurrences
sagebrush           1 occurrences
maupin              4 occurrences
storied             2 occurrences
steens              2 occurrences
oregonthe           1 occurrences
inadvertantly       1 occurrences
rangeland           2 occurrences
cowcalf             1 occurrences
pairs               1 occurrences
woodsdwight         1 occurrences
lightening          3 occurrences
backburn            2 occurrences
startingarson       1 occurrences
resentence          1 occurrences
statutethe          1 occurrences
firesthe            1 occurrences
juniper             5 occurrences
unfenced            1 occurrences
extinguish          1 occurrences
damageddwight       1 occurrences
outfit              3 occurrences
conversationin      1 occurrences
crossexamination    1 occurrences
conservationist     1 occurrences
blmmaupin           1 occurrences
technician          1 occurrences
watershed           3 occurrences
collaborative       4 occurrences
extension           2 occurrences
encroachment        2 occurrences
neighbored          1 occurrences
intermingled        1 occurrences
saidsusan           1 occurrences
remembersthe        1 occurrences
directionneighbor   1 occurrences
ruthie              1 occurrences
danielson           1 occurrences
saidmaupin          1 occurrences
coolerprescribed    1 occurrences
hotter              1 occurrences
ladder              3 occurrences
sterilize           1 occurrences
patch               1 occurrences
cooler              1 occurrences
forage              1 occurrences
sage                2 occurrences
grouse              2 occurrences
habitat             1 occurrences
raptors             1 occurrences
descended           2 occurrences
civilly             1 occurrences
blazing             1 occurrences
smartposted         1 occurrences
dee                 1 occurrences
spurlock            1 occurrences
unfinished          3 occurrences
accordinglyhonolulu 1 occurrences
rancor              1 occurrences
businessat          1 occurrences
threemonth          1 occurrences
violencethe         2 occurrences
underscore          1 occurrences
shifts              3 occurrences
oahu                2 occurrences
stewardship         1 occurrences
concernsdespite     1 occurrences
inmatesread         1 occurrences
mat                 2 occurrences
obeying             2 occurrences
gothenburg          7 occurrences
captives            2 occurrences
beheaded            5 occurrences
ralf                2 occurrences
larsson             2 occurrences
rapist              5 occurrences
attacknovember      1 occurrences
consultants         4 occurrences
recruits            2 occurrences
evenovember         1 occurrences
bobel               1 occurrences
barqasho            4 occurrences
sixthfloor          1 occurrences
balcony             1 occurrences
guilt               4 occurrences
interpolnovember    1 occurrences
nkulla              1 occurrences
alvesta             1 occurrences
harassing           1 occurrences
attentions          1 occurrences
distraught          3 occurrences
fria                1 occurrences
tider               1 occurrences
schoolsnovember     1 occurrences
actionif            2 occurrences
proposition         4 occurrences
adultaged           1 occurrences
agedetermination    1 occurrences
pediatricians       1 occurrences
couchette           1 occurrences
sandwiches          2 occurrences
vodka               1 occurrences
kronor              6 occurrences
yearsnovember       1 occurrences
str                 1 occurrences
ngn                 1 occurrences
afterwards          2 occurrences
policethe           3 occurrences
hindrances          1 occurrences
damagesnovember     1 occurrences
eritrean            1 occurrences
crudely             1 occurrences
gangraped           2 occurrences
stairwell           1 occurrences
everyplace          1 occurrences
vaginally           1 occurrences
fingernails         1 occurrences
eritreans           1 occurrences
escaped             4 occurrences
neighborthe         1 occurrences
falun               1 occurrences
swedennovember      1 occurrences
parisstyle          1 occurrences
attacksas           1 occurrences
backlog             1 occurrences
threatsnovember     1 occurrences
margot              3 occurrences
wallstr             6 occurrences
radicalization      1 occurrences
magnus              1 occurrences
nesser              1 occurrences
emmanuel            3 occurrences
nahshon             1 occurrences
appallingly         1 occurrences
impudent            1 occurrences
israelipalestinian  2 occurrences
moderaterna         1 occurrences
bali                1 occurrences
israeltourette      1 occurrences
msb                 5 occurrences
tent                6 occurrences
crowded             3 occurrences
nordlander          1 occurrences
aftonbladetnovember 1 occurrences
lundsbrunn          4 occurrences
spa                 7 occurrences
convert             9 occurrences
woodpellet          1 occurrences
stovemany           1 occurrences
spas                2 occurrences
mineral             3 occurrences
measurenovember     1 occurrences
petter              1 occurrences
stordalen           4 occurrences
nordic              5 occurrences
scandinavia         3 occurrences
bacon               4 occurrences
buffet              1 occurrences
adaptation          1 occurrences
dietary             2 occurrences
halal               2 occurrences
vented              1 occurrences
mostafa             1 occurrences
almandlawi          2 occurrences
sultan              4 occurrences
alternatively       1 occurrences
agnetha             1 occurrences
hilding             1 occurrences
qvarnstr            1 occurrences
aleppo              1 occurrences
slitting            1 occurrences
deeds               1 occurrences
slit                2 occurrences
gushing             1 occurrences
severed             2 occurrences
gatestone           9 occurrences
caved               3 occurrences
avoidedpresident    1 occurrences
tougher             5 occurrences
salesdescribed      1 occurrences
deathsplans         1 occurrences
unforeseen          2 occurrences
yearplans           1 occurrences
clearer             1 occurrences
effortlessly        1 occurrences
coverups            2 occurrences
crisiswatch         1 occurrences
norththey           1 occurrences
rooftops            3 occurrences
controlif           1 occurrences
dvd                 4 occurrences
moviesorder         1 occurrences
availablethey       1 occurrences
orderyou            1 occurrences
button              3 occurrences
hanukah             1 occurrences
friendshere         1 occurrences
bugler              1 occurrences
taps                2 occurrences
threevolley         2 occurrences
riflemen            2 occurrences
retireesseven       1 occurrences
pallbearers         1 occurrences
flagfolding         2 occurrences
kin                 2 occurrences
burial              1 occurrences
wakeman             2 occurrences
honolulu            5 occurrences
khon                1 occurrences
sequestration       3 occurrences
supposing           1 occurrences
richeson            2 occurrences
desk                4 occurrences
forcewide           1 occurrences
furiously           2 occurrences
lawif               1 occurrences
stripping           1 occurrences
happeningon         1 occurrences
criminalizing       1 occurrences
introduceddemocrats 1 occurrences
lumped              1 occurrences
tarnish             2 occurrences
shariagoverned      1 occurrences
placeaccording      1 occurrences
congressgov         1 occurrences
denounces           1 occurrences
slaughtering        3 occurrences
consenting          1 occurrences
countriesin         1 occurrences
laughably           1 occurrences
purport             1 occurrences
frivolous           1 occurrences
whitewashed         1 occurrences
whining             1 occurrences
innumerable         1 occurrences
fundamentals        1 occurrences
uttering            1 occurrences
relevance           2 occurrences
quranin             1 occurrences
ridiculously        6 occurrences
disagreeing         1 occurrences
forefathers         1 occurrences
mockery             2 occurrences
iiiindeed           1 occurrences
inoffensive         2 occurrences
rwn                 1 occurrences
downfall            1 occurrences
rehired             1 occurrences
prepares            2 occurrences
colossal            1 occurrences
printup             1 occurrences
congressthis        3 occurrences
reverberate         1 occurrences
stillexpanding      1 occurrences
regionspresident    1 occurrences
workpermits         1 occurrences
grads               1 occurrences
monty               1 occurrences
outsourcingpresident1 occurrences
switcheroo          1 occurrences
americansinwaiting  1 occurrences
highskilled         1 occurrences
cardsthe            1 occurrences
workthe             1 occurrences
laborvia            1 occurrences
breitbartvia        1 occurrences
ijreview            2 occurrences
arranges            2 occurrences
unscathed           3 occurrences
involvedthe         1 occurrences
ayatollah           6 occurrences
stormed             3 occurrences
claw                1 occurrences
negotiation         5 occurrences
captivity           2 occurrences
lankford            4 occurrences
refers              6 occurrences
bnp                 1 occurrences
paribas             1 occurrences
levied              2 occurrences
evasion             1 occurrences
koreathe            1 occurrences
fiscally            1 occurrences
bellinger           1 occurrences
lawfare             4 occurrences
gorman              3 occurrences
froglegs            3 occurrences
faultin             1 occurrences
graphics            1 occurrences
tunageand           1 occurrences
mediadriven         1 occurrences
hystericali         1 occurrences
allegience          1 occurrences
lolthe              1 occurrences
assorted            1 occurrences
funthe              1 occurrences
flattering          1 occurrences
worki               1 occurrences
jokes               1 occurrences
articulates         1 occurrences
incomprehensibly    1 occurrences
physicist           4 occurrences
favoritesyou        1 occurrences
adfree              1 occurrences
ballcrushing        1 occurrences
doenjoy             1 occurrences
enforcers           1 occurrences
convict             3 occurrences
ecoconvicts         1 occurrences
biofuel             1 occurrences
asbestos            2 occurrences
waterways           2 occurrences
biofuels            1 occurrences
buildingsinterestingly1 occurrences
gallons             9 occurrences
wastewater          3 occurrences
navajo              8 occurrences
offrepublican       1 occurrences
drags               1 occurrences
spilled             3 occurrences
wastethe            1 occurrences
blowout             3 occurrences
precautions         2 occurrences
minesinterior       1 occurrences
rig                 1 occurrences
bore                3 occurrences
revised             6 occurrences
taint               1 occurrences
spillread           1 occurrences
seriouslyswiss      1 occurrences
andr                2 occurrences
blattmann           3 occurrences
soaring             2 occurrences
recalling           1 occurrences
blattman            2 occurrences
explosively         1 occurrences
advises             2 occurrences
motorcycle          1 occurrences
slung               2 occurrences
shoulderas          1 occurrences
deutsche            2 occurrences
wirtschafts         1 occurrences
nachrichten         1 occurrences
reducedthe          1 occurrences
gloomy              1 occurrences
vocabulary          1 occurrences
themselvesvia       2 occurrences
whisper             1 occurrences
basin               1 occurrences
holidaysammon       1 occurrences
repulse             1 occurrences
tasered             1 occurrences
effortryan          1 occurrences
payne               14 occurrences
ranching            4 occurrences
cathrine            1 occurrences
oregonianoregonliveand1 occurrences
ritzheimer          2 occurrences
elsewherenow        1 occurrences
hammondthe          1 occurrences
constitutionthey    1 occurrences
latched             1 occurrences
countybut           1 occurrences
summoning           1 occurrences
unsettling          2 occurrences
immune              1 occurrences
surrendering        2 occurrences
hammondstwo         1 occurrences
roused              1 occurrences
rented              5 occurrences
fairgrounds         1 occurrences
taped               3 occurrences
rallying            2 occurrences
militias            3 occurrences
medford             1 occurrences
enveloped           1 occurrences
minersbut           1 occurrences
editions            1 occurrences
spectacle           4 occurrences
corralling          1 occurrences
trespassing         3 occurrences
amassing            2 occurrences
billspayne          1 occurrences
array               5 occurrences
countersniper       1 occurrences
tooas               1 occurrences
militiamenryan      1 occurrences
lenz                3 occurrences
cows                3 occurrences
boise               2 occurrences
requiredbundy       1 occurrences
tones               1 occurrences
reasoningthe        1 occurrences
hammondsbundy       1 occurrences
demandsome          1 occurrences
causelocals         1 occurrences
preparerpayne       1 occurrences
sharplyworded       1 occurrences
issuecitizens       1 occurrences
itchris             1 occurrences
briels              4 occurrences
intrigued           1 occurrences
anarchistthe        1 occurrences
melodi              1 occurrences
molt                2 occurrences
cattlewomen         1 occurrences
lining              2 occurrences
bushue              1 occurrences
presidentbilly      1 occurrences
timesherald         1 occurrences
contemplated        1 occurrences
harms               1 occurrences
justin              5 occurrences
amash               7 occurrences
iscongressman       1 occurrences
rmich               1 occurrences
endofyear           1 occurrences
catchall            1 occurrences
repeals             1 occurrences
cisa                3 occurrences
cyberattacks        2 occurrences
universally         2 occurrences
loathed             1 occurrences
advocatesthe        1 occurrences
breaches            6 occurrences
adversely           2 occurrences
drafts              2 occurrences
rewrote             2 occurrences
nathan              2 occurrences
freedomsupporting   1 occurrences
authorizing         2 occurrences
circulate           1 occurrences
antiprivacy         1 occurrences
rwisc               1 occurrences
elsewhereread       1 occurrences
waaaay              1 occurrences
exampletwitter      1 occurrences
blogthe             1 occurrences
nameread            1 occurrences
uprising            5 occurrences
umbrella            3 occurrences
databasethe         1 occurrences
crescent            1 occurrences
wicthe              1 occurrences
nait                6 occurrences
shariacompliant     4 occurrences
usfounded           1 occurrences
offshoot            1 occurrences
brotherhoodbacked   1 occurrences
brotherhoodlinked   1 occurrences
isna                6 occurrences
indictedat          1 occurrences
diverted            3 occurrences
mousa               1 occurrences
marzook             1 occurrences
leaderfederal       1 occurrences
usmuslim            1 occurrences
payable             1 occurrences
mujahadeen          1 occurrences
wingwhile           1 occurrences
groupand            1 occurrences
agnostic            1 occurrences
vacationed          2 occurrences
racking             2 occurrences
teethwhen           1 occurrences
occupant            1 occurrences
leisure             4 occurrences
requiresthen        1 occurrences
vacationsthe        1 occurrences
insecurities        1 occurrences
foibles             1 occurrences
forbearing          1 occurrences
gorgeous            2 occurrences
vacationingtotal    1 occurrences
securityrelated     1 occurrences
familyonly          1 occurrences
vacationing         1 occurrences
springs             9 occurrences
aloneseparate       1 occurrences
getaway             1 occurrences
ambulance           5 occurrences
standby             1 occurrences
vacationsreported   1 occurrences
plush               1 occurrences
porcupine           1 occurrences
squarefoot          2 occurrences
reportread          1 occurrences
transsexual         1 occurrences
zhe                 2 occurrences
eyewatering         1 occurrences
draconian           1 occurrences
misgender           1 occurrences
tenantsincidents    1 occurrences
wilful              1 occurrences
cripplingit         1 occurrences
transmen            1 occurrences
transwomen          1 occurrences
desires             2 occurrences
hir                 1 occurrences
nychrl              1 occurrences
msmrs               1 occurrences
anatomy             1 occurrences
pronouns            2 occurrences
titlessome          1 occurrences
hehimhis            1 occurrences
sheherhers          1 occurrences
theythemtheirs      1 occurrences
zehirother          1 occurrences
singlesex           1 occurrences
genderaffirming     1 occurrences
grooming            2 occurrences
bartenders          3 occurrences
jewellery           1 occurrences
lipstick            1 occurrences
scaring             2 occurrences
aesthetic           1 occurrences
conform             3 occurrences
standardthis        1 occurrences
spiked              2 occurrences
brendan             1 occurrences
recognise           1 occurrences
recognising         1 occurrences
casebycase          3 occurrences
zir                 1 occurrences
grabber             1 occurrences
nextvirginia        1 occurrences
carrico             3 occurrences
rdist               1 occurrences
detailcarrico       1 occurrences
policemen           3 occurrences
infamously          2 occurrences
parker              3 occurrences
vester              2 occurrences
flanagan            2 occurrences
checkmoreover       1 occurrences
fflsenator          1 occurrences
bristol             1 occurrences
convenes            1 occurrences
sayinga             1 occurrences
invader             3 occurrences
campthe             1 occurrences
potsdam             2 occurrences
berlinbased         1 occurrences
rkische             2 occurrences
allgemeine          2 occurrences
newspaperthe        1 occurrences
deluded             1 occurrences
parasite            1 occurrences
europehe            1 occurrences
potsdamer           1 occurrences
strasse             1 occurrences
teltow              1 occurrences
potsdammittelmarkhe 1 occurrences
flatmate            1 occurrences
nineteen            1 occurrences
carotid             1 occurrences
drenched            2 occurrences
bloodthe            1 occurrences
manslaughter        1 occurrences
wounds              2 occurrences
premeditation       1 occurrences
elevenandhalfyears  1 occurrences
jailduring          1 occurrences
piracy              1 occurrences
africain            1 occurrences
berlinthe           1 occurrences
agethe              1 occurrences
namesthe            1 occurrences
swindlers           2 occurrences
incomersnonetheless 1 occurrences
wrecked             1 occurrences
mazonline           1 occurrences
shames              1 occurrences
malaysia            18 occurrences
prevaileda          1 occurrences
inflating           1 occurrences
jtip                9 occurrences
assessing           2 occurrences
sourcesas           1 occurrences
uzbekistan          1 occurrences
grades              2 occurrences
humanrights         1 occurrences
rohingya            1 occurrences
tier                24 occurrences
humantrafficking    2 occurrences
antitrafficking     2 occurrences
gradesstate         1 occurrences
queries             3 occurrences
reutersstill        1 occurrences
blacklist           4 occurrences
malaysian           2 occurrences
freetrade           1 occurrences
countriesending     1 occurrences
communistruled      1 occurrences
tente               1 occurrences
monthsand           1 occurrences
downgrade           2 occurrences
effortsthat         1 occurrences
abuserstypically    1 occurrences
departmentability   1 occurrences
embarrassthe        1 occurrences
evaluated           2 occurrences
antihuman           1 occurrences
agreeit             1 occurrences
organizes           2 occurrences
tiers               1 occurrences
effortswhile        1 occurrences
waivedthe           1 occurrences
sliding             2 occurrences
upgradethe          1 occurrences
loopholes           1 occurrences
dominican           1 occurrences
offenderspresident  1 occurrences
spearhead           1 occurrences
diplomatically      2 occurrences
motivatedsenator    1 occurrences
menendez            3 occurrences
reasonsthe          2 occurrences
rankings            6 occurrences
blinken             2 occurrences
wendy               1 occurrences
finer               1 occurrences
discord             2 occurrences
graves              4 occurrences
yun                 1 occurrences
seriouslyus         1 occurrences
sewall              1 occurrences
traffickingrepresentative1 occurrences
saidif              2 occurrences
malaysiacongressional1 occurrences
amounted            2 occurrences
actionthe           2 occurrences
clashed             1 occurrences
reporthuman         1 occurrences
unearned            1 occurrences
thaw                1 occurrences
reportcuba          1 occurrences
friction            2 occurrences
downgrading         2 occurrences
secondbiggest       2 occurrences
reeducation         1 occurrences
listshowing         1 occurrences
deferencebut        1 occurrences
candor              1 occurrences
beset               1 occurrences
farflung            1 occurrences
gravity             2 occurrences
deference           1 occurrences
lagon               1 occurrences
ambassadoratlarge   1 occurrences
saidmost            1 occurrences
purists             1 occurrences
povertyfor          1 occurrences
elise               1 occurrences
belisario           2 occurrences
decorations         4 occurrences
yearand             1 occurrences
augurs              1 occurrences
struggles           3 occurrences
respite             2 occurrences
crisisbelisario     1 occurrences
slum                2 occurrences
petare              3 occurrences
outskirts           3 occurrences
tripledigit         1 occurrences
inflation           3 occurrences
gripping            1 occurrences
twin                10 occurrences
tribulations        1 occurrences
highflying          1 occurrences
demisewhere         1 occurrences
christmases         1 occurrences
exuberant           1 occurrences
balconies           1 occurrences
drab                1 occurrences
jobwhen             1 occurrences
bonanza             1 occurrences
celebrationsa       1 occurrences
ribas               1 occurrences
plunged             1 occurrences
opulent             2 occurrences
firebrand           1 occurrences
malaise             1 occurrences
charmed             1 occurrences
belisarioat         1 occurrences
cashier             1 occurrences
olga                1 occurrences
dejectedly          1 occurrences
piggy               1 occurrences
claus               2 occurrences
tipsbut             1 occurrences
saidexasperated     1 occurrences
shelves             2 occurrences
powervia            1 occurrences
bennettpaul         1 occurrences
doorsbennett        1 occurrences
discrete            2 occurrences
stagnating          1 occurrences
packaging           2 occurrences
chesapeake          1 occurrences
workersryan         1 occurrences
stagnant            4 occurrences
occupations         3 occurrences
averaged            3 occurrences
oversupply          1 occurrences
undersupplycries    1 occurrences
expansionist        2 occurrences
resurrection        1 occurrences
immigrantswhile     1 occurrences
lowry               1 occurrences
hanged              1 occurrences
dispensations       1 occurrences
overcrowded         1 occurrences
staples             1 occurrences
lakers              1 occurrences
immigrantsryan      1 occurrences
millionperhaps      1 occurrences
electorate          3 occurrences
twodecade           2 occurrences
immigrationread     1 occurrences
screeners           1 occurrences
opt                 2 occurrences
scanned             1 occurrences
ait                 5 occurrences
updatethe           1 occurrences
weakens             2 occurrences
optout              1 occurrences
safeguard           1 occurrences
unflattering        2 occurrences
anwar               2 occurrences
alawlaki            4 occurrences
libyathe            1 occurrences
blackedout          1 occurrences
drafting            2 occurrences
clippings           1 occurrences
yemennews           1 occurrences
concurs             1 occurrences
alaulaqi            1 occurrences
qaedaother          1 occurrences
evanina             1 occurrences
effectvia           1 occurrences
speechjournalist    1 occurrences
ric                 5 occurrences
zemmour             10 occurrences
parisien            1 occurrences
reportspolemicist   1 occurrences
corriere            1 occurrences
della               1 occurrences
sera                1 occurrences
koran               4 occurrences
fran                1 occurrences
aisnote             1 occurrences
polemicist          3 occurrences
warlike             2 occurrences
evokes              1 occurrences
singlemindedness    1 occurrences
valls               2 occurrences
implication         3 occurrences
italyduring         1 occurrences
annabelle           1 occurrences
stigmatizing        1 occurrences
nuance              1 occurrences
totality            2 occurrences
eminently           1 occurrences
ineluctable         1 occurrences
evolution           1 occurrences
catastropheprone    1 occurrences
denote              1 occurrences
conceptual          1 occurrences
envisage            1 occurrences
doctrinehis         1 occurrences
olivier             1 occurrences
pardo               1 occurrences
relentlessness      1 occurrences
comprising          1 occurrences
eurosnote           1 occurrences
trials              3 occurrences
meted               1 occurrences
propagator          1 occurrences
sabrina             2 occurrences
licra               1 occurrences
apostle             1 occurrences
sos                 1 occurrences
sopo                1 occurrences
leparisian          1 occurrences
oussama             1 occurrences
jammal              2 occurrences
icna                1 occurrences
followedto          1 occurrences
islamone            1 occurrences
atlaf               1 occurrences
husain              1 occurrences
muslimshe           1 occurrences
vilify              1 occurrences
unfoldresponding    1 occurrences
busing              1 occurrences
shuttling           1 occurrences
ain                 1 occurrences
cleansed            1 occurrences
merry               5 occurrences
bah                 4 occurrences
humbug              2 occurrences
toothe              2 occurrences
hoopla              1 occurrences
albany              3 occurrences
birthplace          1 occurrences
anotherthe          1 occurrences
menorah             2 occurrences
timesunion          1 occurrences
marcelle            2 occurrences
ditch               3 occurrences
toothis             1 occurrences
arizonabased        1 occurrences
timesunionmarcelle  1 occurrences
mince               1 occurrences
clarkson            2 occurrences
lump                1 occurrences
greetings           1 occurrences
presentations       1 occurrences
homey               1 occurrences
itwrong             1 occurrences
cocacola            1 occurrences
kraft               1 occurrences
mars                1 occurrences
kroger              2 occurrences
glamorizes          1 occurrences
septemberthe        1 occurrences
corrigan            1 occurrences
meanstested         1 occurrences
threeword           1 occurrences
safetynet           1 occurrences
definitions         1 occurrences
caseworkers         1 occurrences
billionread         1 occurrences
epitome             1 occurrences
erroneous           4 occurrences
refunds             5 occurrences
uncorrected         1 occurrences
tigta               2 occurrences
faulting            1 occurrences
approving           9 occurrences
erroneously         3 occurrences
twoweek             1 occurrences
refund              4 occurrences
mismatches          1 occurrences
tenn                2 occurrences
misstep             1 occurrences
cheats              1 occurrences
guiltless           1 occurrences
ineptitude          2 occurrences
agreementcongress   1 occurrences
statesiranian       1 occurrences
lawmakersstephen    1 occurrences
mull                4 occurrences
statescongress      1 occurrences
terrortied          1 occurrences
soilhowever         1 occurrences
dealali             1 occurrences
presslarijani       1 occurrences
warnedrep           1 occurrences
hearingvisa         1 occurrences
loner               3 occurrences
obligates           2 occurrences
saidsources         1 occurrences
stymie              1 occurrences
omri                1 occurrences
ceren               1 occurrences
beaconseyed         1 occurrences
araqchi             1 occurrences
restrictionsiran    1 occurrences
resolutionsthe      1 occurrences
dealvia             1 occurrences
scarier             1 occurrences
trumptrump          1 occurrences
gameposted          1 occurrences
ewing               1 occurrences
sleight             1 occurrences
resourceallocation  1 occurrences
finite              1 occurrences
overlooked          3 occurrences
releasespresident   1 occurrences
commuted            4 occurrences
drugrelated         2 occurrences
fridayobama         1 occurrences
officewith          1 occurrences
commutations        1 occurrences
combinedthe         1 occurrences
cocaine             1 occurrences
shorter             2 occurrences
lawseach            1 occurrences
commutation         1 occurrences
presidenthe         1 occurrences
doubters            1 occurrences
betterexdemocratic  1 occurrences
totalrepublicans    1 occurrences
openborders         1 occurrences
norrmalmstorg       1 occurrences
stockholm           5 occurrences
flowerpots          1 occurrences
shortsighted        1 occurrences
suicidal            2 occurrences
ensured             2 occurrences
nicolai             1 occurrences
sennels             1 occurrences
thereligionofpeacecomthis1 occurrences
gest                1 occurrences
gellar              2 occurrences
salesman            5 occurrences
systemssince        1 occurrences
marry               5 occurrences
beats               2 occurrences
renegotiated        2 occurrences
helponce            1 occurrences
doorsnow            1 occurrences
nightwatchman       1 occurrences
johansson           5 occurrences
anarchy             5 occurrences
swede               1 occurrences
penniless           1 occurrences
britainand          1 occurrences
wellbehaved         1 occurrences
turbulence          2 occurrences
thief               2 occurrences
diesel              1 occurrences
villages            2 occurrences
asylkaos            1 occurrences
buys                2 occurrences
ronny               1 occurrences
fredriksson         2 occurrences
securitas           2 occurrences
burglar             1 occurrences
rowdy               1 occurrences
abilityall          1 occurrences
hurtthese           1 occurrences
skellefte           1 occurrences
resided             1 occurrences
candle              1 occurrences
combustible         1 occurrences
fluid               1 occurrences
ignited             1 occurrences
firethe             1 occurrences
skyhigh             2 occurrences
brawls              1 occurrences
dagens              1 occurrences
nyheter             1 occurrences
sverigedemokraterna 1 occurrences
asylumhousing       1 occurrences
isnevertheless      1 occurrences
landmass            1 occurrences
emptyat             1 occurrences
reykjavik           1 occurrences
stefan              10 occurrences
fven                11 occurrences
eucountries         1 occurrences
paradigm            1 occurrences
sannfinl            1 occurrences
ndarna              1 occurrences
hint                2 occurrences
burdenanother       1 occurrences
elo                 2 occurrences
citizenry           2 occurrences
laconic             1 occurrences
viewpoint           2 occurrences
expressen           1 occurrences
forcedmany          1 occurrences
himmore             1 occurrences
commentators        1 occurrences
teetering           1 occurrences
ivar                1 occurrences
arpi                1 occurrences
svenska             2 occurrences
dagbladet           2 occurrences
skarhults           1 occurrences
quad                1 occurrences
trelleborg          1 occurrences
malm                8 occurrences
overloaded          2 occurrences
esl                 1 occurrences
ombudsman           1 occurrences
taxconsuming        1 occurrences
defenselessness     1 occurrences
ilan                1 occurrences
det                 1 occurrences
goda                1 occurrences
samh                1 occurrences
llet                1 occurrences
languages           3 occurrences
communicant         1 occurrences
blogger             4 occurrences
johan               2 occurrences
westerholm          2 occurrences
legislates          2 occurrences
anarchism           1 occurrences
rmi                 1 occurrences
nationit            1 occurrences
forfeits            1 occurrences
cements             1 occurrences
weakened            1 occurrences
accomplices         3 occurrences
kardashian          1 occurrences
housenational       1 occurrences
easta               1 occurrences
uscontrolled        1 occurrences
openbut             1 occurrences
amenable            1 occurrences
terroristsrelease   1 occurrences
combatants          1 occurrences
rages               3 occurrences
cooks               3 occurrences
yementhe            2 occurrences
stateinspired       2 occurrences
puppetsa            1 occurrences
hagel               2 occurrences
releasesin          1 occurrences
emasculation        1 occurrences
carly               1 occurrences
fiorina             1 occurrences
mcchrystal          1 occurrences
mattis              1 occurrences
comic               1 occurrences
shaker              1 occurrences
aamer               1 occurrences
taxpayercuriously   1 occurrences
yearsunder          1 occurrences
incrementally       1 occurrences
fattening           1 occurrences
ramrodded           1 occurrences
sprinkled           1 occurrences
charm               2 occurrences
isthe               1 occurrences
monumentmayor       1 occurrences
charleson           1 occurrences
converse            1 occurrences
chopping            1 occurrences
blockthough         1 occurrences
overcouncilman      1 occurrences
brossett            1 occurrences
councilwoman        2 occurrences
guidry              1 occurrences
justifiably         2 occurrences
monumentscouncilwoman1 occurrences
latoya              1 occurrences
cantrell            3 occurrences
stacy               1 occurrences
councilcouncilman   1 occurrences
councilmembers      1 occurrences
issuecantrell       1 occurrences
deserved            6 occurrences
monumentsthe        1 occurrences
democratfunder      1 occurrences
donorhead           1 occurrences
nowcantrell         1 occurrences
residentsread       1 occurrences
eliminates          2 occurrences
sequester           2 occurrences
whale               1 occurrences
parse               1 occurrences
boehner             18 occurrences
swoop               5 occurrences
pelosian            1 occurrences
terribleness        1 occurrences
switchboard         1 occurrences
billbail            1 occurrences
outs                1 occurrences
quadrupling         1 occurrences
issuance            1 occurrences
nascar              1 occurrences
neutrality          1 occurrences
infringement        2 occurrences
imf                 2 occurrences
mandeory            1 occurrences
faa                 1 occurrences
toy                 1 occurrences
renews              1 occurrences
transportations     1 occurrences
stimulus            12 occurrences
giveaways           2 occurrences
egyptthere          1 occurrences
startvia            1 occurrences
thisplease          2 occurrences
illegalswfaa        1 occurrences
thisas              1 occurrences
billlong            1 occurrences
antoniobased        1 occurrences
todaybut            1 occurrences
coinciding          1 occurrences
minorsaccording     1 occurrences
usaspendinggov      1 occurrences
krista              1 occurrences
piferrer            1 occurrences
costreimbursement   1 occurrences
goodsservices       1 occurrences
spentwe             1 occurrences
thoughaccording     1 occurrences
seizing             2 occurrences
bordergetting       1 occurrences
cinch               2 occurrences
permisos            1 occurrences
texting             1 occurrences
permiso             1 occurrences
secretsaccording    1 occurrences
repatriated         1 occurrences
percentwhen         1 occurrences
johnsona            1 occurrences
crossings           3 occurrences
vaughanwhen         1 occurrences
americavia          2 occurrences
firepaulryan        1 occurrences
usaccording         1 occurrences
numberusa           1 occurrences
nonagricultural     1 occurrences
devising            1 occurrences
workersvia          1 occurrences
humbugthe           1 occurrences
environmentin       1 occurrences
greener             1 occurrences
wrapping            2 occurrences
conserving          1 occurrences
saidone             1 occurrences
impersonal          1 occurrences
recycled            2 occurrences
reused              1 occurrences
reusable            2 occurrences
recycling           1 occurrences
prosecutedhere      1 occurrences
likenine            1 occurrences
wuppertal           3 occurrences
discos              1 occurrences
casinos             3 occurrences
barsthe             1 occurrences
gatheringsprosecutors1 occurrences
appealthe           1 occurrences
salafists           1 occurrences
sven                1 occurrences
lau                 1 occurrences
preacher            2 occurrences
kalashnikov         1 occurrences
missionsharia       1 occurrences
lifethe             3 occurrences
ruhr                1 occurrences
youtubethe          1 occurrences
proclaiming         1 occurrences
prohibitions        4 occurrences
outlawing           1 occurrences
gambling            4 occurrences
antiislam           6 occurrences
marches             1 occurrences
islamisation        1 occurrences
dial                2 occurrences
vlad                1 occurrences
tepes               1 occurrences
quantifying         1 occurrences
trashapprehensions  1 occurrences
vary                3 occurrences
crossers            2 occurrences
landfill            2 occurrences
ton                 3 occurrences
crackin             1 occurrences
porkfilled          1 occurrences
spineless           2 occurrences
sellouts            1 occurrences
spans               2 occurrences
splashing           1 occurrences
boosting            1 occurrences
staterepublicans    1 occurrences
killingsin          1 occurrences
openrecords         1 occurrences
spawning            1 occurrences
ensnared            1 occurrences
yearleaders         1 occurrences
trimming            1 occurrences
hal                 1 occurrences
committeethe        2 occurrences
earliestthat        1 occurrences
voteread            1 occurrences
muslimamerican      1 occurrences
usin                1 occurrences
rebut               1 occurrences
registry            1 occurrences
runner              3 occurrences
spectrumvia         1 occurrences
humbugpresident     1 occurrences
presenton           1 occurrences
valuing             1 occurrences
familyfriendly      1 occurrences
unappreciated       1 occurrences
shutdowns           1 occurrences
petitionread        1 occurrences
uber                4 occurrences
jaunt               1 occurrences
flytime             1 occurrences
weeksthey           1 occurrences
kailua              3 occurrences
oblivious           1 occurrences
getaways            2 occurrences
junkets             1 occurrences
overtime            4 occurrences
trails              2 occurrences
publiclyfunded      1 occurrences
watchdogcom         1 occurrences
limo                1 occurrences
contingent          2 occurrences
callsecret          1 occurrences
hawaiian            1 occurrences
lounge              1 occurrences
venturing           1 occurrences
shaved              1 occurrences
snorkeling          1 occurrences
hanauma             1 occurrences
dined               1 occurrences
gourmet             1 occurrences
wong                1 occurrences
basehe              1 occurrences
servicethe          2 occurrences
islander            1 occurrences
extravagance        1 occurrences
kimmel              2 occurrences
grabbed             7 occurrences
degeneres           1 occurrences
sync                2 occurrences
tot                 2 occurrences
courseread          2 occurrences
destroys            2 occurrences
rowingthey          1 occurrences
curating            1 occurrences
internetmost        1 occurrences
casualtiesthe       1 occurrences
studying            4 occurrences
enterprises         2 occurrences
saidwhile           3 occurrences
professionalized    1 occurrences
blitz               1 occurrences
isil                21 occurrences
radicalize          1 occurrences
worldthe            1 occurrences
dualtrack           1 occurrences
crafted             1 occurrences
platformsbut        1 occurrences
mismanaged          3 occurrences
dependsthe          1 occurrences
vastness            1 occurrences
sophistication      2 occurrences
penetration         5 occurrences
relies              4 occurrences
worrisometwelve     1 occurrences
dabiq               1 occurrences
turkish             3 occurrences
newsmagazinesmore   1 occurrences
visually            1 occurrences
curated             1 occurrences
animations          1 occurrences
liveaction          2 occurrences
edits               2 occurrences
hollywoodquality    1 occurrences
voiceoversvideos    1 occurrences
chineselanguage     1 occurrences
replete             1 occurrences
humiliationthe      1 occurrences
sobervoiced         1 occurrences
taunt               3 occurrences
unaccented          1 occurrences
defeats             2 occurrences
haunt               1 occurrences
animationenhanced   1 occurrences
sprays              1 occurrences
macabre             1 occurrences
suicides            1 occurrences
memberswhat         1 occurrences
edited              3 occurrences
craft               4 occurrences
anonymously         2 occurrences
timesread           1 occurrences
alderman            2 occurrences
sidewalkalderman    1 occurrences
cardenas            3 occurrences
authoritiesthree    1 occurrences
mobbing             1 occurrences
ald                 1 occurrences
dnainfo             1 occurrences
livepolice          1 occurrences
marshallefrain      1 occurrences
montalvo            1 occurrences
plaines             5 occurrences
kincaid             1 occurrences
lunt                1 occurrences
actioncardenas      1 occurrences
fortitude           1 occurrences
noneuropean         2 occurrences
obligatory          2 occurrences
laila               3 occurrences
torchlight          3 occurrences
processions         2 occurrences
anders              4 occurrences
governmentthe       1 occurrences
ikea                7 occurrences
ster                3 occurrences
knives              3 occurrences
carola              1 occurrences
emil                1 occurrences
herlin              1 occurrences
despondent          1 occurrences
fastduring          1 occurrences
indigent            1 occurrences
swedenworse         1 occurrences
dental              2 occurrences
toothless           1 occurrences
pisa                1 occurrences
disillusioned       1 occurrences
ikeagatestone       1 occurrences
requestwhat         1 occurrences
fvenfrom            1 occurrences
mattias             2 occurrences
grenades            4 occurrences
helsingborg         1 occurrences
nonswedes           1 occurrences
esteemed            1 occurrences
grenadesbombs       1 occurrences
safest              2 occurrences
levees              1 occurrences
benny               1 occurrences
knifings            1 occurrences
vigorous            3 occurrences
rby                 2 occurrences
evenings            1 occurrences
noneuropeans        2 occurrences
mailbox             1 occurrences
beheading           2 occurrences
housings            1 occurrences
bedrooms            2 occurrences
waterpipes          1 occurrences
procession          1 occurrences
popularly           2 occurrences
carljohan           1 occurrences
friman              1 occurrences
counteract          2 occurrences
alongimmigrant      1 occurrences
rhetoricthe         1 occurrences
seatswith           1 occurrences
energizing          1 occurrences
hoyt                1 occurrences
clubthe             1 occurrences
soroshispanic       1 occurrences
flex                1 occurrences
secondlargest       1 occurrences
whitesvia           1 occurrences
dynamo              1 occurrences
singlehandedly      2 occurrences
districtwe          1 occurrences
unafraid            2 occurrences
americanbecky       1 occurrences
staring             1 occurrences
stalinist           2 occurrences
obamawe             1 occurrences
alabamabecky        1 occurrences
roby                4 occurrences
itconservative      1 occurrences
challenger          2 occurrences
importation         2 occurrences
problemtea          1 occurrences
partier             1 occurrences
sub                 1 occurrences
actionsin           1 occurrences
headon              1 occurrences
congresswomen       1 occurrences
wholebrownell       1 occurrences
positionbecky       1 occurrences
courageous          4 occurrences
callbrownell        1 occurrences
dissatisfaction     1 occurrences
independentbecky    1 occurrences
conservatismbrownell1 occurrences
districtbecky       1 occurrences
countrybrownell     1 occurrences
nullify             1 occurrences
congressbecky       1 occurrences
reasserting         2 occurrences
governmentbrownell  1 occurrences
privatizedbecky     1 occurrences
overhauled          2 occurrences
topdown             1 occurrences
againbrownell       1 occurrences
syriabecky          1 occurrences
exceptionalism      1 occurrences
quagmire            1 occurrences
existsplease        1 occurrences
doubleda            1 occurrences
johnny              3 occurrences
weeksoriginally     1 occurrences
basesanother        1 occurrences
sabine              1 occurrences
ranchlakeview       1 occurrences
jaroy               1 occurrences
carpenter           2 occurrences
maureen             1 occurrences
meyer               1 occurrences
migrating           2 occurrences
threatduring        1 occurrences
jenkins             1 occurrences
barton              2 occurrences
changedthe          1 occurrences
unimpeded           1 occurrences
bartonvia           1 occurrences
nbcdfw              1 occurrences
questionwhy         1 occurrences
engulfing           2 occurrences
bestthe             1 occurrences
habitually          2 occurrences
murderersin         1 occurrences
immigrating         2 occurrences
paradise            3 occurrences
theirs              2 occurrences
abundance           6 occurrences
theirsmuslims       1 occurrences
clerics             2 occurrences
hijrah              3 occurrences
emigrationthe       1 occurrences
lions               5 occurrences
themfifteen         1 occurrences
fraudmany           1 occurrences
vouching            1 occurrences
arabo               1 occurrences
chaldean            1 occurrences
statewhy            1 occurrences
bestas              1 occurrences
sardonically        1 occurrences
copts               2 occurrences
nosedive            1 occurrences
minoritiesthe       2 occurrences
evident             7 occurrences
arrestedwnd         1 occurrences
observes            2 occurrences
chaldeans           1 occurrences
nitpicks            1 occurrences
syriaand            1 occurrences
emigration          1 occurrences
itand               1 occurrences
emigrates           1 occurrences
emigrant            1 occurrences
overtakes           1 occurrences
allahin             1 occurrences
theirsall           1 occurrences
europevia           2 occurrences
approvalwhite       1 occurrences
checksjarrett       1 occurrences
newtown             3 occurrences
houseafter          2 occurrences
roseburg            1 occurrences
loophole            2 occurrences
checkthe            1 occurrences
itcity              1 occurrences
busiest             4 occurrences
thoroughfares       2 occurrences
matterposted        1 occurrences
duncomb             1 occurrences
preservationists    1 occurrences
pastors             1 occurrences
linesbefore         1 occurrences
removalthe          1 occurrences
weekread            1 occurrences
crawled             1 occurrences
diedthe             1 occurrences
mckimmey            3 occurrences
reportedhttpsyoutubeyjreofezijcthe1 occurrences
bronze              1 occurrences
valor               3 occurrences
heroic              2 occurrences
auction             5 occurrences
gazing              2 occurrences
fluff               3 occurrences
navel               3 occurrences
gangrene            2 occurrences
reporterin          1 occurrences
hideously           1 occurrences
busno               1 occurrences
favourites          1 occurrences
erectile            1 occurrences
dysfunctioncouk     1 occurrences
singlecomthey       1 occurrences
ukand               1 occurrences
toask               1 occurrences
workamerica         1 occurrences
faithwhat           1 occurrences
snurfling           1 occurrences
whilst              1 occurrences
terroriststhey      1 occurrences
dreary              1 occurrences
braindont           1 occurrences
